 A Rocha International	"Christian nature conservation organization. Projects are frequently cross-cultural in character, and share a community emphasis, with a focus on science and research, practical conservation and environmental education."		
 Academy for Educational Development	"AED is an independent, nonprofit organization committed to building the capacity of individuals, communities, and institutions to become more self-sufficient. AED works in all the major areas of human development, with a focus on improving education, health, and economic opportunities for the least advantaged in the United States and developing countries throughout the world."		
 Action Against Hunger	"The mission of Action Against Hunger is to save lives by eliminating hunger through the prevention, detection, and treatment of malnutrition, especially during and after emergency situations of conflict, war and natural disaster. From crisis to sustainability, we tackle the underlying causes of malnutrition and its effects by using our expertise in nutrition, food security, water and sanitation, health and advocacy. By integrating our programs with local and national systems we further ensure that short-term interventions become long-term solutions."		
 Action Canada for Population and Development	"ACPD is a human rights advocacy organization that seeks to enhance the quality of life of women, men and children by promoting progressive policies in the field of international development with a primary focus on reproductive and sexual rights and health and an emerging focus on international migration and development."		
 Action for Agricultural Renewal in Maharashtra (AFARM)	"AFARM coordinates voluntary organizations in their collective actions to improve agricultural and social problems in Maharashtra, India."		
 Action for Development (ACFODE)	"Action for Development (ACFODE) is a non-profit, non-governmental, non-sectarian women's organization whose mission is to improve the status and lives of women in Uganda through communication and networking with rural and urban women. ACFODE aims to empower women by sharing knowledge and experiences on issues regarding health, family planning, legal rights, income generating projects and other social problems."		
 Action for Southern Africa	ACTSA influences decision-makers in Britain and Europe on policies that affect southern Africa. ACTSA also inspires change and humanitarian relief through direct action in the southern African region.		
 Action Without Borders	"Search or browse 22,000 organizations in 150 countries."		
 Adalah	"It is a non-profit, non-governmental, and non-partisan legal center. It serves Arab citizens of Israel and works to protect human rights in general, and the rights of the Arab minority in particular."		
 ADDAMEER	"Addameer's activities focus on offering support for Palestinian prisoners, advocating the rights of political prisoners, and working to end torture through monitoring, legal procedures and solidarity campaigns."		
 Adventist Development and Relief Agency (ADRA) International	"ADRA invests in the potential of these individuals through community development initiatives targeting Food Security, Economic Development, Primary Health and Basic Education. ADRA’s emergency management initiatives provide aid to disaster survivors."		
 Advisory Committee on Protection of the Sea	"The primary aim of ACOPS is to promote strategies for the sustainable development of the coastal and marine environment through scientific, legal and policy research, and advisory and public awareness activities.  Work is carried out at the global, region"		
 Advocacy Project	The Advocacy Project's mission is to promote social justice and empower disempowered people and communities. They do this by strengthening the advocacy of groups that emerge from these communities. They help advocates become self sufficient in the use of information and communication technology.		
 Africa Action	"In partnership with activists and civil society organizations throughout the United States and in Africa, Africa Action is working to change U.S. foreign policy and the policies of international institutions in order to support African struggles for peace and development."		
 Africa Confidential	"Africa Confidential is one of the longest-established specialist publications on Africa with the in depth news on significant political, economic and security developments across the continent."		
 African Academy of Sciences	"AAS's mission is, first, to honour African science and technology achievers and, second, to mobilise the entire African science and technology community in facilitating the development of scientific and technological capacity for science-led development in Africa."		
 African American Islamic Institute (AAII)	"The Institute’s objective is to develop a capability for sustainable human and natural resource development through education (both religious and secular), agricultural development, health care, economic development, and cultural exchange."		
 African Economic Research Consortium	"The African Economic Research Consortium (AERC) is a public not-for-profit organization devoted to the advancement of economic policy research and training. AERC's mission is to strengthen local capacity for conducting independent, rigorous inquiry into the problems facing the management of economies in sub-Saharan Africa."		
 African Gender Institute	"The AGI's Mission is to contribute to building intellectual capacity and establishing an African resource dedicated to strengthening and advancing the work of intellectuals, researchers, policy-makers and practitioners committed to the attainment of gender equity."		
 African Medical and Research Foundation (AMREF)	"AMREF’s mission is to improve the health of disadvantaged people in Africa as a means for them to escape poverty and improve the quality of their lives. They have six main programs: Malaria, HIV/AIDS, water sanitation, rural hospitals, trainings and family health."		
 AFS International	"AFS is an international, voluntary, non-governmental, non-profit organization that provides intercultural learning opportunities to help people develop the knowledge, skills and understanding needed to create a more just and peaceful world."		
 Aga Khan Foundation	"The Aga Khan Development Network (AKDN) focuses on health, education, culture, rural development, institution-building and the promotion of economic development. It is dedicated to improving living conditions and opportunities for the poor, without regard to their faith, origin or gender."		
 Agua Bolivia	An organization made up of private and public institutions that manage water consumption in Bolivia.		
 Aid to Artisans	"Aid to Artisans's goal is to provide economically sustainable and social benefits to artisans in an environmentally and culturally sensitive manner. It does this by providing training programs, marketing services and small grants to artisans around the world."		
 AIDS Law Project	"The AIDS Law Project (ALP) is an organization that specializes in helping people with HIV/AIDS to deal with these problems. They also research many of the difficult social, legal and human rights issues around AIDS. They use this research to develop law, policies and ""best practice"" recommendations on questions such as AIDS and employment, AIDS and pregnancy, AIDS and development, AIDS and women."		
 Akina Mama wa Afrika	"Founded to create space for African women to organise, and build links with African women active in the areas of their oen development. Set up in 1985 by women of different parts of Africa resident in the UK."		
 Al-Ahali Center for Community Development	"Ahali is an independent not-for-profit organization established in 1999 to strengthen grassroots activism among Palestinian citizens in Israel through community organizing, as a means to struggle for full citizenship and minority rights, and to ensure the equal distribution of national resources"		
 Al-Haq	"Al-Haq documents violations of the individual and collective rights of Palestinians in the OPT. The organisation conducts research, prepares reports, studies and interventions on breaches of international human rights and humanitarian law in the OPT, and and undertakes advocacy before local, regional and international bodies."		
 Al-Mezan	"Al Mezan Center for Human Rights is a Palestinian non-governmental non-partisan organization based in the refugee camp of Jabalia in the Gaza Strip. It acts as a monitoring and documentation center on violation of basic rights. The center is also a vehicle through which to provide legal aid and advocacy and build capacity and raise awareness of the local community on such fundamental issues such as basic human rights, democracy, and international humanitarian."		
 Alan Guttmacher Institute	"The Guttmacher Institute advances sexual and reproductive health through an interrelated program of social science research, policy analysis and public education designed to generate new ideas, encourage enlightened public debate and promote sound policy and program development."		
 Aliran	"Aliran is Malaysia's first multi-ethnic reform movement dedicated to justice, freedom and solidarity. They are Malaysia's oldest human rights group, with a consistent record of championing democratic reforms."		
 All India Women's Education Fund Association (AIWEFA)	"The All India Women’s Education Fund Association was set up to advance the education of Indian women in the 1930s. Now they have branched out to address sustainable through partnerships, support-information sharing and active cooperation between NGOs, civil society,government and the corporate sector."		
 Alternative Information and Development Centre (AIDC)	"AIDC works to fight unemployment through campaigns, advocacy, information dissemination and coalition building."		
 Alternative Information Center	"The Alternative Information Center (AIC) is a joint Palestinian-Israeli organization which prioritizes political advocacy, critical analysis and information sharing on the Palestinian and Israeli societies as well as on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The AIC's activities and publications provide a critical discussion of the political realities that shape the current situation, with special attention given to the radical democratic and feminist struggles, critical perspectives on the colonial nature of Israel and the alarming authoritarian features that emerge in the Palestinian Authority."		
 Alzheimer's Disease International	"Alzheimer's Disease International (ADI) is the umbrella organisation of Alzheimer associations around the world. They aim to help establish and strengthen Alzheimer associations throughout the world, and to raise global awareness about Alzheimer's disease and all other causes of dementia. They work to strengthen their member organiations with materials and publications as well as continued practical and financial support so they are better able to meet the needs of people with dementia and their carers."		
 Amazon Watch	"Amazon Watches works with indigenous and environmental organizations in the Amazon Basin to defend the environment and advance indigenous peoples' rights in the face of large-scale industrial development projects. They monitor and document mega-projects in the Amazon, support rainforest peoples, and build the communications capacity of those peoples."		
 America's Second Harvest	"America's Second Harvest—The Nation's Food Bank Network is the nation's largest charitable hunger-relief organization. The America's Second Harvest Network secures and distributes more than 2 billion pounds of donated food and grocery products annually. The America's Second Harvest Network supports approximately 50,000 local charitable agencies operating more than 94,000 programs including food pantries, soup kitchens, emergency shelters, and after-school programs."		
 American Association of Jurists (AAJ)	A legal rights-watch group based in Argentina.		
 American Association of University Women	Promotes education and equity for all women and girls. 100.000 members with more than 1300 branches nationwide that lobbies and advocates for education and equity.		
 American Civil Liberties Union	"Nation's guardian of civil liberties. Founded in 1920, and has nearly 300.000 members, and has offices in almost every state."		
 American Diabetes Association	"The American Diabetes Association is the nation's leading nonprofit health organization providing diabetes research, information and advocacy. Founded in 1940, the American Diabetes Association conducts programs in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, reaching hundreds of communities. The mission of the Association is to prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes."		
 American Friends Service Committee	"The American Friends Service Committee is a practical expression of the faith of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers). Committed to the principles of nonviolence and justice, it seeks in its work and witness to draw on the transforming power of love, human and divine."		
 American Humanist Association	"The AHA actively educates the public about Humanism, brings Humanists together for mutual support and action, defends the civil liberties and constitutional freedoms of all people—and leads both local and national Humanist organizations toward progressive societal change. Through a strong network of over 100 grassroots organizations, appearances in national media, an advanced Internet presence, regular public appearances, and a broad spectrum of publications, the AHA is the voice of humanism."		
 American Indian Institute	"The American Indian Institute is a non-Indian Circle that provides administrative, fund development and program support to advance the work and vision of the Traditional Circle. A nonprofit, the Institute is structured as a typical American charitable organization. Headquartered in Bozeman, Montana, it is a small organization with a worldwide mission. It is community-based not in a geographic community, but in a community of interest — non-Indians dedicated to the survival of indigenous heritages and to the support of the traditional people through whom that survival will be achieved."		
 American Indian Policy Center	"The American Indian Policy Center (AIPC) was founded in 1992, as a non-profit serving the Midwest Indian community. It was born out of a decade's worth of discussions among the founding group of American Indian professionals. What was needed, in the view of the founders, was a forum for American Indians and the wider community to discuss the challenges of contemporary Indian life--a place for diverse and divergent voices and perspectives."		
 American Jewish World Service	"American Jewish World Service (AJWS) is an international development organization motivated by Judaism’s imperative to pursue justice. AJWS is dedicated to alleviating poverty, hunger and disease among the people of the developing world regardless of race, religion or nationality. Through grants to grassroots organizations, volunteer service, advocacy and education, AJWS fosters civil society, sustainable development and human rights for all people, while promoting the values and responsibilities of global citizenship within the Jewish community."		
 American Medical Women's Association (AMWA)	"The American Medical Women's Association is an organization which functions at the local, national, and international level to advance women in medicine and improve women's health. We achieve this by providing and developing leadership, advocacy, education, expertise, mentoring, and strategic alliances."		
 American Near East Refugee Aid (ANERA)	"American Near East Refugee Aid (ANERA) was founded in 1968 in the aftermath of the 1967 Arab-Israeli War, to help the hundreds of thousands of displaced Palestinians. ANERA's projects improve communities throughout the West Bank, Gaza, Lebanon, and Jordan. We work closely with local institutions, such as schools, universities, health facilities, cooperatives, municipalities, grassroots committees, and charitable associations, and assist them in improving the community services they provide."		
 American Refugee Committee International	"Today, ARC works in 10 countries around the world helping victims of war and civil conflict rebuild their lives. ARC programs in Africa, the Balkans, and Asia provide health care, clean water, shelter repair, legal aid, trauma counseling, microcredit, community development services, and repatriation assistance to more than one million people."		
 American Task Force on Palestine (ATFP)	"ATFP is a non-partisan, not-for-profit corporation that aims to articulate the national security interests of the United States in establishing a Palestinian state. It accomplishes this by organizing forums, conferences and other educational events regarding the Israel-Palestine conflict and the relationship the US could have with a Palestinian state."		
 AmeriCares	"AmeriCares is an international relief organization whose passion to help is matched by an ability to deliver.  Whether it's an epic disaster or a daily struggle, AmeriCares goes to extraordinary lengths to ensure that medicines, medical supplies and aid reaches individuals in need wherever they are, whenever they need it."		
 Americorps	"AmeriCorps is a network of local, state, and national service programs that connects more than 70,000 Americans each year in intensive service to meet the US's critical needs in education, public safety, health, and the environment. AmeriCorps members serve with more than 2,000 nonprofits, public agencies, and faith-based and community organizations. Since 1994, more than 400,000 men and women have provided needed assistance to millions of Americans across the nation through their AmeriCorps service."		
 Amigos de la Tierra	Working on a project to reduce C02 emissions. Main goal is to achieve sustainable development and address the most pressing environmental issues of today's century. Its European equivalent is based out of Brussels. Its English site is http://www.foeeurope.org.		
 Amnesty International	"Amnesty International (AI) is a worldwide movement of people who campaign for internationally recognized human rights to be respected and protected. AI’s vision is for every person to enjoy all of the human rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other international human rights standards. AI’s mission is to conduct research and take action to prevent and end grave abuses of all human rights – civil, political, social, cultural and economic."		
 Anti-Racism Information Services (ARIS)	"ARIS is a non-profit, non-sectarian, non-governmental organisation (NGO), founded by Kati David in 1992. From Geneva, ARIS serves national and regional non-governmental organizations (NGOs), human rights groups and individuals that are not represented at the United Nations."		
 Anti-Slavery International	"Anti-Slavery International, founded in 1839, is the world's oldest international human rights organisation and the only charity in the United Kingdom to work exclusively against slavery and related abuses. They work at local, national and international levels to eliminate the system of slavery around the world by: urging governments of countries with slavery to develop and implement measures to end it, lobbying governments and intergovernmental agencies to make slavery a priority issue, supporting research, raising public awareness of slavery, and and, educating the public about the realities of slavery and campaigning for its end."		
 Arab Association for Human Rights (HRA)	"As an independent grassroots NGO, the HRA focuses on working with the local community. Its goal is to increase awareness of human rights among the Arab minority citizens in Israel. The second major strand of their activities involves international advocacy."		
 Arab Organization for Human Rights (AOHR)	"AOHR calls for respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms of all citizens and residents of the Arab world. It carries out field missions in an effort to release political prisoners, in some cases as an observer and in other as a member of the defense panel. It receives complaints from individuals, groups and organizat ions and contacts the concerned authorities. In addition to the offering of legal assistance in several cases, the organization provides financial assistance to families of victims."		
 Arab Program for Human Rights Activists (APHRA)	The program is wide spread to enhance and include every aspect related to the human rights activists specially the Arab world and world wide in general. This organization documents human rights violations against activists and works to promote better communication about and respect of the human rights of activists.		
 Arab Women's Solidarity Association	"Founded in Egypt in 1982 by a group of 120 women who agreed that the struggle for liberation of Arab people and freedom from economic, cultural and media domination cannot be separated from the liberation of Arab women. As an international organization, AWSA promotes Arab women's active participation in social, economic, cultural, and political life."		
 Arbor Day Foundation	"The Foundation inspires people to plant, nurture, and celebrate trees. Through mass-media communications, by providing low-cost trees for planting, and by producing high-quality, easy-to-use educational materials, they work to make tree planting and care something in which nearly everyone can be involved."		
 Archaeologists for Human Rights	Archeologists for Human Rights is an organization that provides documentation of human rights abuses that have an archeological record such as mass graves.		
 Ariga: Human Rights and Peace Groups	"Ariga was opened to the public in mid 1995 as an experimental web-publishing platform, the first web-based source of news from Israel, emphasizing the peace process, but also including poetry, painting and other subjects of interest."		
 Armenian International Women's Association	"Founded in Boston in 1990 by women convinced of the need for a new Armenian organization made up of women, governed by women, and focused on the interests and needs of women. 350 members."		
 Art if Defense of Humanism (AIDOH)	"AIDOH uses a variety of visual media to raise awareness on human rights issues. Many of its pieces involve commentary on sexual and reproductive rights, HIV/AIDS and physical abuse."		
 Art of Living Foundation	"The Art of Living Foundation offers programs to uncover the strength, peace, and joy that lie at the core of every human being. By nurturing the spirit and compassion of every individual, the Foundation seeks to help build a global society that is free of stress, violence, and misery - and full of service, wisdom, and celebration. In addition to its programs abroad it also offers course in the ""art of living""."		
 Asia Crime Prevention Foundation	"The Asia Crime Prevention Foundations (ACPF) is an international non-governmental organization, established in 1982, to promote sustainable development, peace and stability in Asia and the world through more effective crime prevention, criminal justice policies and practices, and mutual cooperation among all those concerned. It does this by organizing training courses, conducting field surveys and promoting regional cooperation."		
 Asian Federation Against Involuntary Disappearances (AFAD)	"AFAD is a coalition gathering organizations that work for the ""disappeared"" in several South Asian Countries. It's core members include the Families of Victims of Involuntary Disappearances from the Philippines, the Organization of Parents and Family Members of the Disappeared (OPFMD) from Sri Lanka, the Association of Parents of Disappeared Persons (APDP) in the Indian-occupied Jammu and Kashmir and the KONTRAS of Indonesia. It works to coordinate the efforts of the different groupsand provide support to all of them."		
 Asian Human Rights Commission	"The AHRC seeks to achieve the following objectives: protect and promote human rights by monitoring, investigation, advocacy, and taking solidarity actions and work towards social equality, with particular emphasis on social groups who have suffered discrimination in the past, such as women and children and minorities, including Dalits."		
 Asian Legal Resource Centre	"The ALRC was founded in 1986 by a prominent group of jurists and human rights activists in Asia. It is a body committed to the development of legal self-reliance and empowerment of people. It will place particular emphasis in its work on the areas of cultural, social and economic rights and the right of development."		
 Asociacion ANAI	Dedicated to uniting biodiversity conservation and equitable socio-economic development that improves the live of both current and future generations in Costa Rica.		
 Asociacion Guatemalteca para la Conservacion Natural	Mission is to promote sustainable development in Guatemala.		
 Associated Country Women of the World	"ACWW is the largest international organisation for rural women. It works to improve the standard of living of rural women through training, community development and income generation."		
 Association for Progressive Communications	"The Association for Progressive Communications (APC) is an international network of civil society organisations dedicated to empowering and supporting groups and individuals working for peace, human rights, development and protection of the environment, through the strategic use of information and communication technologies (ICTs), including the internet."		
 Association for Progressive Communications (APC)	"The Association for Progressive Communications (APC) is an international network of civil society organisations dedicated to empowering and supporting groups and individuals working for peace, human rights, development and protection of the environment, through the strategic use of information and communication technologies (ICTs), including the internet."		
 Association for Stimulating Know How	Comprises a team of development professionals who are committed to the cause of the community based development among the economically deprived and socially marginalized sectors of Indian society.		
 Association for Sustainable Human Development	ASHD is primarily an organization promoting dialogue and education on the environment and sustainable development. It organizes workshops for interested parties and publishes bulletins and other documents on this subject.		
 Association for the Defense of the Nature and the Resources of Extremadura	"Work ranges from species-protection, including conservation campaigns, cenuses and research, to the establishment of new protected areas."		
 Association for the Prevention of Torture (APT)	"The APT is an international non-governmental organisation (NGO) which envisions a world in which no one is subjected to torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. It works towards this goal through: drafting legislation to prevent torture, producing training materials for monitoring detention facilities, lobbying governments and capacity building to help pertinent parties prevent torture."		
 Association for the Protection of the Environment (APE)	"A.P.E Objective is to improve the lives of the indegenous groups of garbage collectors as individuals and as a community. It seeks to support the garbage collectors in their private activities of waste collection, disposal and recycling as well as devise its own schemes within this grand scheme of things."		
 Association for Women in Development	"International membership organization connecting, informing and mobilizing people and organizations committed to achieving gender equality, sustainable development and women's human rights."		
 Association for Women in Science	Founded in 1971. It is a non-profit professional society dedicated to achieving equity and full participation for women in all areas of science and technology. AWIA magazine publishes numerous internationally relevant articles and statistics.		
 Association for World Education (AWE)	A local branch of an internaion umbrella organization promoting global education through its publications and networking activities.		
" Association of Junior Leagues International, Inc"	"The Association of Junior Leagues International Inc. (AJLI) is an organization of women committed to promoting voluntarism, developing the potential of women, and improving communities through the effective action and leadership of trained volunteers."		
" Association of Social Engineering, Research and Training"	"Founded by a group of social scientists, Association for Social Engineering, Research & Training (ASSERT) represents a variety of interest-areas and skills, strives towards expanding and utilizing social science knowledge for engineering human resource leading to socio-economic development. Assert offers services in research, evaluation, training, monitoring, counselling and testing in the areas of management, health, education, rural development, women’s development, family, and child care."		
 Association of the Institutes and Schools of Tropical Medicine in Europe	"TropEd is a network of European institutions for higher education in international health. It collaborates closely with institutions in Africa, Asia and Latin America. tropEd provides postgraduate opportunities for education and training contributing to sustainable development. It focuses on improving the management of health services for disadvantaged populations. The innovative approach is based on mobility of people, the exchange of experiences in different disciplines and the establishment of a common standard in education and training."		
 Association of World Citizens	"AWC is an international peace organization with branches in 50 countries. The goal is working with people, progressive governments, and international institutions to create a Global Village of lasting peace, social and economic justice, and the foundation for a new civilization based on respect for life and the environment. The key to achieve this goal is for people to think and act as responsible Citizens of theWorld."		
 Athletes United for Peace	"Committed to promoting peace, education, friendship and understanding through a variety of programs and events that serve diverse groups of people."		
 Avocats Sans Frontieres (ASF) (Lawyers without Borders)	"Avocats Sans Frontières (ASF) is an international non-governmental organization created in 1992 in Brussels (Belgium) and is mostly made up of lawyers, solicitors and magistrates. The role of ASF is to contribute, completely independently, to the establishment of a just, equitable and united society, in which both the law and justice serve those who need them the most."		
 B'nai B'rith International	"B’nai B’rith is an international Jewish organization committed to the security and continuity of the Jewish people and the State of Israel, defending human rights, combating anti-Semitism, bigotry and ignorance, and providing service to the community on the broadest principles of humanity. Its mission is to unite persons of the Jewish faith and to enhance Jewish identity through strengthening Jewish family life and the education and training of youth, broad-based services for the benefit of senior citizens, and advocacy and action on behalf of Jews throughout the world."		
 B'Tselem	"The Israeli Information Center for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories was established in 1989 by a group of prominent academics, attorneys, journalists, and Knesset members. It endeavors to document and educate the Israeli public and policymakers about human rights violations in the Occupied Territories, combat the phenomenon of denial prevalent among the Israeli public, and help create a human rights culture in Israel"		
 B'Tselem--The Information Center for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories	"The Israeli Information Center for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories was established in 1989 by a group of prominent academics, attorneys, journalists, and Knesset members. It endeavors to document and educate the Israeli public and policymakers about human rights violations in the Occupied Territories, combat the phenomenon of denial prevalent among the Israeli public, and help create a human rights culture in Israel."		
 Baha'i International Committee	"Bahá'í communities the world over are engaged in activities to help achieve the humanitarian, social and economic goals set forth in the UN Charter. These activities include fostering grass-roots participation in sustainable development initiatives, advancing the status of women, educating children, preventing drug abuse, eliminating racism, and promoting human rights education. Over 1600 projects are currently operated by Bahá'í communities around the world, including approximately 300 schools owned and operated by Bahá'ís and at least 400 village tutorial schools."		
 Bangladesh Human Rights Network	"Banglarights is an independent web portal which exposes and challenges discriminations and violations of human rights. This portal upholds human rights reforms both in Bangladesh and in the international arena, in support of women, children, and marginalized communities resisting various forms of oppression."		
 Bank Information Center	"The Bank Information Center (BIC) partners with civil society in developing and transition countries to influence the World Bank and other international financial institutions (IFIs) to promote social and economic justice and ecological sustainability. BIC is an independent, non-profit, non-governmental organization that advocates for the protection of rights, participation, transparency, and public accountability in the governance and operations of the World Bank, regional development banks, and IMF."		
 Bhutan Women and Children Organisation (BWCO)	"BWCO  is dedicated for the establishment of human rights and democracy in Bhutan and promoting the principles of democracy, human rights, democratic values, women’ rights, gender justice, social justice, child rights, rule of law among Bhutanese people and creating a culture of peace through education, training, publication and dissemination."		
 Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation	"Bill and Melinda Gates believe every life has equal value. In 2000, they created the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to help reduce inequities in the United States and around the world. They are committed to getting, and sharing, results from our grantmaking."		
 BRAC (Bangladesh Rural Advancement Committee)	"BRAC works with people whose lives are dominated by extreme poverty, illiteracy, disease and other handicaps. Its comprehensive approach combines Microfinance under BRAC's Economic Development programme with Health, Education and other Social Development programmes, linking all the programmes strategically to counter poverty through livelihood generation and protection."		
 Bread for the World	Bread for the World is a nationwide Christian movement that seeks justice for the world's hungry people by lobbying our nation's decision makers. Bread for the World Institute seeks justice for hungry people by engaging in research and education on policies related to hunger and development.		
 Bretton Woods Project	"The Bretton Woods Project works as a networker, information-provider, media informant and watchdog to scrutinise and influence the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF). Through briefings, reports and the bimonthly digest Bretton Woods Update, it monitors projects, policy reforms and the overall management of the Bretton Woods institutions with special emphasis on environmental and social concerns."		
 British Council of Disabled People (BCODP)	The United Kingdom's Disabled People's Council (UKDPC) was set up by disabled people in 1981 to promote our full equality and participation within society. They are an umbrella organisation that represents some 80 organisations run and controlled by disabled people.		
 British Overseas NGOs for Development	"BOND is the United Kingdom's broadest network of voluntary organisations working in international development. BOND works to promote the exchange of experience, ideas and information by acting as a broker for a variety of relationships and by collecting and distributing information."		
 Bureau of International Recycling (BIR)	"BIR is an international trade federation representing the world’s recycling industry, covering in particular ferrous and non-ferrous metals, paper and textiles. Plastics, rubber and tires are also studied and traded by some BIR members. About 600 companies and national federations from over 60 countries are affiliated to BIR. Together they offer an international forum for industrial exchange and business contacts. They provide their expertise to other industrial sectors and political groups in order to promote recycling."		
 Burma Centrum Nederland (BCN)	The BCN is an information and lobby centre which aims to raise awareness in the Netherlands about the situation in Burma and strives towards support within the European Union for democratisation processes in Burma. In this context the BCN actively approaches national and EU policy makers and the media.		
 CAF India	"CAF India is a registered public charitable trust and is part of the CAF international network. CAF facilitates public-private partnerships through its projects, which are sponsored by a range of corporate, institutional and international donors."		
 Canadian Council for Refugees (CCR)	"CCR is a key advocate for refugee and immigrant rights in Canada, educating the public and putting issues onto the agenda of the various players in immigration and refugee law and policy in Canada, including parliamentarians, Citizenship and Immigration Canada, Canada Border Services Agency, and the Immigration and Refugee Board."		
 Canadian Institute for Environmental Law and Policy	"Founded in 1970, Cielap is a research and education organization. Its mission is to develop and advance proposals for the reform of environmental law and public policy."		
 Canadian Lawyers for International Human Rights (CLAIHR)	"Canadian Lawyers for International Human Rights (CLAIHR) is a non-profit, non-governmental organization, established to promote human rights globally through legal education, advocacy and law reform."		
 Canadian Nature Federation	"40.000 supporters and a network of more than 100 affiliated naturalist groups. The mission is to protect nature, its diversity, and the processes that sustain it."		
 Canadian Research Institute for the Advancement of Women (CRIAW)	"CRIAW is a research institute which provides tools to facilitate organizations taking action to advance social justice and equality for all women. CRIAW recognizes women’s diverse experiences and perspectives, creates spaces for developing women’s knowledge, bridges regional isolation, and and provides communication links between/among researchers and organizations actively working to promote social justice and equality for all women."		
 Cango: Central Asia	"Their goal is to provide information about the NGO community in Central Asia to people throughout the world as well as to the NGOs of Central Asia. Their hope is that the information provided about NGO's activities in Central Asia and in other countries will foster partnership and cooperation among organizations and individuals, within Central Asia and internationally."		
 Captive Daughters	"Dedicated to prevention of sex-trafficking of children through education. Founded in early 1997 by a few women an men who were introduced to the practice of sex trafficking while visiting Nepal.Conduct letter-writing campaigns, identify groups with simila"		
 CARE International	"CARE is a leading humanitarian organization fighting global poverty. Non-political and non-sectarian, we operate each year in more than 65 countries. CARE helps tackle underlying causes of poverty so that people can become self-sufficient. CARE is often one of the first to deliver emergency aid to survivors of natural disasters and war and, once the immediate crisis is over, we help people rebuild their lives."		
 Caribbean Conservation Association	"The CCA exists to enhance the quality of life for present and future generations of the Caribbean by facilitating the development and implementation of policies, programmes and practices, which contribute to the sustainable management of the region's natural and cultural resources."		
 Carter Center	"The Carter Center, in partnership with Emory University, is guided by a fundamental commitment to human rights and the alleviation of human suffering and it seeks to prevent and resolve conflicts, enhance freedom and democracy, and improve health."		
 Casa Alianza (Covenant House Latin America)	Casa Alianza provides shelters for street youth and programs to help them reintegrate into society. They also provide legal aid to victims of violence in the streets and attempt to prevent these events from occurring.		
 Catholic Institute for International Relations (CIIR)	Progressio is an international development charity working for justice and the eradication of poverty for the Cathlic Institute of International Relations. Their approach combines advocacy work to secure equitable policies with the strengthening of community-based organisations that represent the interests of the poor and improve their quality of life.		
 Catholic Relief Services	"Catholic Relief Services was founded in 1943 by the Catholic Bishops of the United States. Working through local offices and an extensive network of partners, CRS operates on five continents and in 98 countries. We aid the poor by first providing direct assistance where needed, then encouraging people to help with their own development."		
 Center for Biodiversity and Indigenous Knowledge	"CBIK aims to explore alternative development approaches for working directly with indigenous people and communities to enhance their livelihoods and maintain cultural and biological diversity through application of indigenous cosmovision, knowledge, and innovative technology in the environment of rapid change and uncertainty faced by local people in SW China. CBIK is a participatory learning organization, dedicated to biodiversity conservation and community livelihood development, as well as documentation of indigenous knowledge and technical innovations related to resource governance at community and watershed levels, which is supplementary for government works. The organization was established in 1995 as a membership non-profit organization. Its more than 100 members include research professionals, development practitioners and resource managers."		
 Center for Economic & Social Rights	"The Center for Economic and Social Rights (CESR) was established in 1993 to promote social justice through human rights. CESR promotes the universal right of every human being to housing, education, health and a healthy environment, food, work, and an adequate standard of living."		
 Center for Environmental Research and Conservation	"CERC is a consortium of five world-renowned scientific institutions: Columbia University, the American Museum of Natural History, the New York Botanical Garden, Wildlife Conservation Society, and Wildlife Trust. CERC is headquartered at Columbia University and is part of Columbia's Earth Institute. CERC believes the only way to build environmental leadership and solve complex environmental problems is to synthesize research with education and training."		
 Center for Envrionment and Development for the Arab Region and Europe	"Its main mission is to build capacity of its member countries, promoting skills in environmental management, transfer of technologies, environmental education, and development of environmental policies."		
 Center for Gender and Health Equity	"The Center for Health and Gender Equity (CHANGE) is a U.S.-based non-governmental organization focused on the effects of U.S. international policies on the health and rights of women, girls, and other vulnerable populations in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. Their mandate is based on the premise that it is the responsibility of U.S. organizations, connected to U.S. constituencies, to foster accountability of our government's policies abroad. Their overarching goal therefore is to ensure that U.S. international policies and programs promote sexual and reproductive rights and health through effective, evidence-based approaches to prevention and treatment of critical reproductive and sexual health concerns, and through increased funding for critical programs."		
 Center for International Climate and Environmental Research	"Founded in 1990 by the Norwegian government, and conducts research and provides information about issues of climate change."		
 Center for International Environmental Law	"The Center for International Environmental Law (CIEL) is a nonprofit organization working to use international law and institutions to protect the environment, promote human health, and ensure a just and sustainable society. We provide a wide range of services including legal counsel, policy research, analysis, advocacy, education, training, and capacity building."		
 Center for International Health and Cooperation	"The Center for International Health and Cooperation (CIHC) was founded in 1992 to promote healing and peace in countries shattered by natural disasters, armed conflicts and ethnic violence. The Center employs its resources and unique personal contacts to stimulate interest in humanitarian issues and to promote innovative educational programs and training models. Their extensive list of publications and regular symposia address both the basic issues and the emerging challenges of humanitarian assistance."		
 Center for International Policy	"The Center for International Policy was founded in 1975, in the wake of the Vietnam War, by former diplomats and peace activists. They continue to play an important role in Central America's post-conflict reconciliation, the effort to end the counter-productive isolation of Cuba, and efforts to limit military assistance to the Western Hemisphere, especially Colombia."		
 Center for Justice and International Law (CEJIL)	"The Center for Justice and International Law (CEJIL) is a non-governmental organization (NGO), founded in 1991 by a group of prominent human rights defenders in Latin America and the Caribbean. CEJIL's principle objective is to achieve the full implementation of international human rights norms in the member States of the Organization of American States (OAS) through the use of the Inter-American System for the Protection of Human Rights and other international protection mechanisms."		
 Center for Reproductive Law and Policy	"The Center for Reproductive Rights uses the law to advance reproductive freedom as a fundamental right that all governments are legally obligated to protect, respect, and fulfill."		
 Center for Respect of Life and Environment	"The Center for Respect of Life and Environment was founded in 1986 to foster an ethic of compassion toward all sentient beings and respect for the integrity of nature. With a particular focus on higher education and religious institutions, the Center promotes a humane and sustainable future for all members of the earth community. The Center is an affiliate of The Humane Society of the United States."		
 Center for Sustainable Development	Dedicated to promoting sustainable community and culture-based development. Its main area of work is Iran and Southwest Asia.		
 Center for Women's Global Leadership	"The Center for Women's Global Leadership (CWGL) develops and facilitates women's leadership for women's human rights and social justice worldwide. CWGL's programs promote the leadership of women and advance feminist perspectives in policy-making processes in local, national and international arenas."		
 Center of Concern	"Since 1971, the Center of Concern has offered moral vision and provided effective leadership in the struggle to end hunger, poverty, environmental decline, and injustice in the United States and around the world. Their goal is to provide individuals and organizations with basic tools to address these universal questions."		
 Center on Hunger and Poverty	"The Center is an outgrowth of the Harvard-based Physician Task Force on Hunger in America which, during the 1980s, made field visits across the U.S. and released studies on the extent and causes of hunger, leading to Congressional resolve to address the growing problem at that time. The leader of the Harvard initiative, Dr. J. Larry Brown, created the Center as a vehicle to address not only hunger, but its cause - growing poverty and income inequality in America. The Center continues to assist state and local organizations in using food security surveys, act as a national clearinghouse for hunger and food insecurity studies, and work with policy makers and the media to promote a greater understanding of hunger and food insecurity in America."		
 Central Committee of Conscientious Objectors	"The Central Committee for Conscientious Objectors, since 1948, has been helping people who do want to serve in the army. It also works to eliminate JROTC programs in US high schools."		
 Centre for Democracy and Development	"CDD engages the community in West Africa through capacity-building projects, research and public policy work on security sector transformation initiatives and training for leaders of community based organisations and civil society institutions, local legislators, security agencies, women and youth. This training encompasses managerial and organisational skills, human rights awareness and public policy formulation."		
 Centre for Development and Enterprise	"The Centre for Development and Enterprise (CDE) is an independent policy research and advocacy organisation. It is one of South Africa's leading development think tanks, focusing on critical national development issues and their relationship to economic growth and democratic consolidation."		
 Centre for Development and Population Activities	CEDPA equips and mobilizes women to achieve equality. CEDPA is an international leader in designing and implementing programs to improve the lives of women and girls.		
 Centre for Human Rights	"The Centre for Human Rights of the Faculty of Law of the University of Pretoria focuses primarily on human rights law in Africa. Since the Centre was established in 1986, members of the Centre have aided in the writing of the South African Constitution and Bill of Rights and contributed to legal education in respect of human rights on the continent through its academic programmes and research outputs. Members of the Centre have served as consultants on human rights issues to a range of institutions."		
 Centre for Science and Environment	"Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) is an independent, public interest organisation which aims to increase public awareness on science, technology, environment and development. The Centre was started in 1980."		
 Centre for the Study of Violence and Reconciliation	CSVR's mission is to develop and implement innovative and integrated human security interventions based upon a commitment to social justice and fundamental rights for people who are vulnerable or excluded.		
 Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions	"The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions (COHRE) is an independent, non-governmental, not-for-profit human rights organisation. COHRE is registered in the Netherlands, and coordinates its global activities from its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland."		
 Centro de Derecho Ambiental y de los Recursos Naturales	Founded in 1989. Its members are mostly lawyers who work on environmnetal problems and sustainable development. COHRE is the leading international human rights organisation campaigning for the protection of housing rights and the prevention of forced evictions.		
 Centro de Estudios Agrarios & Ambientales	"Founded in 1986, and its main mission is to foster sustainable development."		
 Centro Ecuatoriano de Derecho Ambiental	Founded in 1996 by a number of attorneys specialized in environmental law. Its mission is to promote and disseminate environmental law.		
 Centro Mexicano de Derecho Ambiental	Main mission is to protect the environment in Mexico.		
 Change Communications	"Change.org aims to transform social activism by serving as the central platform that connects likeminded people, whatever their interests, and enables them to exchange information, share ideas, and collectively act to address the issues they care about."		
 Children First International	"Children First regards the physical and emotional well-being of all children, their welfare and their free development as the most paramount priority under all circumstances and views the position of the child as a fundamental measure of the worth of any society and culture. · They see children's rights as universal."		
 Children International	"Children International is a nonprofit humanitarian organization dedicated to bettering the lives of impoverished children, their families and communities. We achieve our goals primarily through child sponsorship, which unites children in need with individual sponsors who wish to address the children's immediate and basic needs."		
 Childwatch International Research Network	"The Childwatch International Research Network is a global, non-profit, nongovernmental network of institutions that collaborate in child research for the purpose of promoting child rights and improving children’s well-being around the world. It was founded in 1993 as a response from the research community to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, an instrument for changing the focus of research and for ensuring that the perspectives of children are heard."		
 China Disabled Persons' Federation	"The aims of the China Disabled Persons' Federation are to promote humanitarianism, protect the human rights of persons with disabilities,ensure their equal participation in society, contribution to economic growth and social development as well as their equal share in the material and culture achievements of the society."		
 China Human Rights Organization (CHRO)	"Chin Human Rights organization (CHRO) is a non-governmental non-profit organization. It was formed in 1995 by a group of Chin activists who began monitoring the human rights situation along the borders with India and Bangladesh. At present CHRO fact-finders are actively documenting human rights in most parts of Chinland, as well as other Chin inhabited areas of Burma and among the Chin people in other countries."		
 China Youth Development Foundation	"The CYDF is a non-governmental, non-profit formed in 1989 to fight for the rights of children in Asia. They serve as an information portal and organize trainings of teachers. and The CYDF coordinates development projects involving the youth of China. It main focus areas are child health and education."		
 Christian Children's Fund	"Christian Children's Fund understands that poverty is a complex problem, and has more than 65 years of experience in identifying and addressing the root causes of poverty. Within the context of alleviating child poverty, vulnerability and deprivation, CCF creates programs in a variety of different areas that provide practical assistance to impoverished communities and plant the seeds of self-sufficiency."		
 Christoffel-Blindenmission	"CBM supports the provision of more than 1000 programmes in 113 countries in Africa, Asia/Pacific, Europe, and Latin America. Its fields of work include medical services, education, and rehabilitation for people with disabilities. Wherever possible, it is the aim to provide these services within the communities. Therefore, Community-Based Rehabilitation programmes are promoted."		
 Church World Service	"Founded in 1946, Church World Service is the relief, development, and refugee assistance ministry of 35 Protestant, Orthodox, and Anglican denominations in the United States. Working in partnership with indigenous organizations in more than 80 countries, CWS works worldwide to meet human needs and foster self-reliance for all whose way is hard. Within the United States, Church World Service assists communities in responding to disasters, resettles refugees, promotes fair national and international policies, provides educational resources, and offers opportunities to join a people-to-people network of local and global caring."		
 CIESIN (Center for Int'l	"The Center for International Earth Science Information Network (CIESIN) is a center within the Earth Institute at Columbia University. CIESIN works at the intersection of the social, natural, and information sciences, and specializes in on-line data and information management, spatial data integration and training, and interdisciplinary research related to human interactions in the environment."		
 Citizens Development Corps	"Citizens Development Corps is a non-profit organization that supports private sector development and economic growth in emerging and transitioning economies throughout the world by delivering practical strategies and solutions, high impact programs, and the expertise of experienced business professionals."		
 Citizens for Global Solutions	"They are a membership organization working to build political will in the United States to achieve our vision. They do this by educating Americans about global interdependence, communicating global concerns to public officials, and developing proposals to create, reform, and strengthen international institutions such as the United Nations."		
 Citizens Network for Sustainable Development	"The Citizens Network for Sustainable Development (CitNet) is an independent, non-profit network bringing together US based organizations, communities, and individuals working on sustainability issues across the US. CitNet supports citizen-led activities in development, monitors and implementation sustainability initiatives, promotes civil society participation in important policy fora, and connects individuals and organizations."		
 City Year	"An ""action tank"" for national service, City Year seeks to demonstrate, improve and promote the concept of national service as a means for building a stronger democracy. City Year works toward the full realization of this vision through three core activities: running a youth service corps, leading community discussions on national service initiatives, and leading high-impact community service events."		
 Clear the Air	Clear the Air is committed to the introduction and implementation of measures to significantly reduce air pollution in Hong Kong. Their volunteers work towards this mission by promoting community support for cleaner air in Hong Kong and working with the government to find sustainable solutions to air pollution.		
 Cloud Forest Alive	"Cloud Forest Alive contains lesson plans on rainforests, a virtual library for students and teachers and links to more information on the Cloud Forest."		
 Clubul Ecologic UNESCO	"Its mission is the maintenance and preservation of different natural habitats, and also people’s education in this sense in order to achieve in Romania the principles and programs of UNESCO in the field of nature conservation."		
 Coalition Against Slavery in Mauritania and Sudan (CASMAS)	"The Coalition Against Slavery in Mauritania and Sudan (CASMAS) is a human rights, abolitionist movement started by activists from Mauritania, Sudan and the United States on March 5, 1995. The mission of CASMAS is to bring together abolitionists/human rights groups from Mauritania, South Sudan and North America to collectively fight for the eradication of institutionalized and chattel slavery and other forms of human rights violations in Africa, especially in Mauritania and Sudan."		
 Coalition to Stop the use of Child Soldiers (CSC)	"The Coalition to Stop the Use of Child Soldiers works to prevent the recruitment and use of children as soldiers, to secure their demobilisation and to ensure their rehabilitation and reintegration into society."		
 Comic Relief	"Comic Relief was set up by comedians and uses comedy and laughter to get serious messages across, while making sure that everyone who gets involved can have fun at the same time. Over the years, more than 2 thousand celebrities have given their time and talent to Comic Relief. Their mission is to drive positive change through the power of entertainment."		
 Comm	"Founded in 1972, CICRED serves as a platform for interaction between research centres and international organizations, such as United Nations Population Division, United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA), World Health Organization ( WHO) and Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO). As the main network of centres working on population issues, CICRED brings together more than 700 registered institutions worldwide and aims at developing all forms of cooperation among its members fostering innovative and quality research and wide diffusion of its findings."	 Cooperation in Nat'l	 Research in Demography
 Committee of Concerned Scientists (CCS)	"The Committee of Concerned Scientists is an independent organization of scientists, physicians and engineers dedicated to the protection and advancement of the human rights and scientific freedom of colleagues throughout the world."		
 Committee on the Administration of Justice (CAJ)	The Committee on the Administration of Justice (CAJ) was established in 1981 and is an independent non-governmental organisation affiliated to the International Federation of Human Rights. The Committee seeks to secure the highest standards in the administration of justice in Northern Ireland by ensuring that the government complies with its responsibilities in international human rights law.		
 Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ)	"The Committee to Protect Journalists is an independent, nonprofit organization founded in 1981. We promote press freedom worldwide by defending the rights of journalists to report the news without fear of reprisal."		
 Commonwealth Medical Trust	"Commat (the Commonwealth Medical Trust) is an independent organization, which exists for the promotion of health, the prevention of disease and disability and the advancement of human rights and medical ethics, particularly for the poor, vulnerable and marginalized groups in developing countries. It is concerned particularly with the role that should be played by health professionals and their associations in carrying out its programme, especially in Commonwealth countries."		
 Commonwealth Pharmaceutical Association	"The Commonwealth Pharmaceutical Association (CPA) is a non-government organisation representing professional pharmaceutical societies from over 40 Commonwealth countries. This combined membership of skilled and expert pharmacists, committed to serving their communities, enables CPA to work continually towards improving health outcomes for almost one third of the world’s population."		
 Community Based Tourism Kyrgyzstan	"Kyrgyz Community Based Tourism Association’s objective is to improve living conditions in remote mountain regions by developing a sustainable and wholesome ecotourism model that utilizes local natural and recreational resources.  Located in the capital Bishkek, KCBTA is an umbrella association uniting 17 diverse destination communities (“CBT groups”) plus a 5-group association of shepherd families offering jailoo (yurt) tourism (“Shepherds’ Life”)."		
" Concern Worldwide (USA, Inc)"	"Concern Worldwide is a non-denominational, voluntary organization committed to the relief, assistance and advancement of peoples in need in less developed areas of the world, while concentrating on the poorest people in its countries of operation. They work with the poor and with local and international partners who share our vision of democratic and just societies."		
 Congressional Hunger Center	"The Congressional Hunger Center (CHC) is a unique non-profit anti-hunger leadership training organization located in Washington, DC. Our primary program activities center upon the Bill Emerson National Hunger Fellows Program and its international counterpart, the Mickey Leland International Fellows Program. In both of these programs, a select group of fellows receive the skills, knowledge and experience to become effective anti-hunger leaders in the domestic and international arenas. As a bi-partisan organization, we serve as a center where the anti-hunger community can discuss creative solutions to end domestic and international hunger."		
 Consejo Iberico para la Defensa de la Naturaleza	"Founded in 1986, has more than 30.000 members that are involved in conservation associations."		
 Consejo Latinoamericano de Ciencias Sociales	"Founded in 1967, has over 130 investigation centers in 19 countries all over Latin America. Mission is to promote sustainable development."		
 Conservation Council of South Australia	Umbrella organization representing approx. 60 member groups whose main purpose is conservation and protection of the environment. The role of the Conservation Council is to facilitate representation on conservation and environmental issues to all three levels of government on behalf of our member groups and other concerned members of the community.		
 Conservation Council of Western Australia	"Established in 1967, CCWA is the State's peak non-government, non-profit conservation organisation. They are an umbrella organisation for almost 80 affiliated conservation-focused groups throughout WA, who share the passion and vision for taking responsibility for WA's unique environments. An advocate for a sustainable society in WA, they have long pushed for the protection of the State's wildlife and natural areas."		
 Conservation International	"Conservation International's (CI) programs combine scientific knowledge with expertise in specialized fields to achieve conservation solutions. Our programs work to demonstrate the value of partnerships, they lend advice on best practices, and they guide implementation of conservation solutions in the field. Some of CI's programs also provide financial support to conservation efforts run by local conservationists."		
 Consortium for Street Children (CSC)	The Consortium for Street Children (CSC) consists of 48 UK based organizations dedicated to the welfare and rights of street living and working children and children at risk of taking to street life.		
 Constella Group	"Constella Group is a global provider of professional health services with more than 1,500 employees in 60 countries. Constella collaborates with health agencies and companies worldwide to ensure the success of initiatives such as communicating health prevention messages to the public, creating social marketing programs in developing countries, and helping pharmaceutical companies bring important drugs to market."		
 Constitutional Rights Project (CRP)	"Constitutional Rights Project (CRP), is registered under Nigerian law as a charitable non- governmental organisation. CRP was established in November 1990 to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law in Nigeria."		
 Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research	"The Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR), established in 1971, is a strategic partnership of countries, international and regional organizations and private foundations supporting the work of 15 international Centers. In collaboration with national agricultural research systems, civil society and the private sector, the CGIAR fosters sustainable agricultural growth through high-quality science aimed at benefiting the poor through stronger food security, better human nutrition and health, higher incomes and improved management of natural resources."		
 Consumers International	"Consumers International (CI), together with ten other leading international NGOs, has publicly endorsed the first global accountability charter for the non-profit sector. CI promotes consumer rights."		
 Cooperative Housing Foundation	"CHF International's mission is to be a catalyst for long-lasting positive change in low- and moderate-income communities around the world, helping them to improve their social, economic and environmental conditions. Established in 1952 as the Cooperative Housing Foundation to provide housing for low-income households in the U.S., CHF International has been working with communities abroad since the 1960s to help them to identify their greatest needs and obtain those goals, whether it be preventing HIV/AIDS or providing credit for families to improve their homes."		
 Corporate Accountability International	"Corporate Accountability International is a membership organization that protects people by waging and winning campaigns that challenge irresponsible and dangerous corporate actions around the world. For nearly 30 years, Corporate Accountability International and our members have scored major victories that protect people's lives by forcing corporations like Nestlé, General Electric and Philip Morris/Altria to stop abusive practices."		
 Corporate Watch	"Counters corporate-led globalization through education, network-building and activism. Also works to foster democratic control over corporations by building a grassroots movement for human rights and dignity, labor rights and environment."		
 Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences	"The Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences (CIOMS) is an international, non-governmental, non-profit organization established jointly by WHO and UNESCO in 1949. Through its membership, CIOMS is representative of a substantial proportion of the biomedical scientific community. The membership of CIOMS in 2003 includes 48 international member organizations, representing many of the biomedical disciplines, and 18 national members mainly representing national academies of sciences and medical research councils."		
 Council on Health Research for Development	"COHRED  is an international organisation established in 1993, based in Switzerland with a strong global network. COHRED works for a world in which health research is recognised as essential to optimising health and reducing inequity and poverty."		
 Counterpart International	"Founded in 1965, Counterpart International is a nonprofit organization dedicated to building a just world through service and partnership. Working with local communities to build their capacity to act on their local problems in the way they want, Counterpart programs include humanitarian and relief assistance, education, healthcare, democracy and governance, food security, enterprise and business development, sustainable tourism and natural resource management."		
" Cousteau Society, Inc"	"Good videos. Main mission is to educate people to understand, to love, and to protect the water systems of the planet, marine, and fresh water, for the well-being of future generations."		
 CropLife International	"CropLife International is a global federation representing the plant science industry and a network of regional and national associations in 91 countries. They address international developments in the area of crop protection (pesticides), agbiotechnology (GMOs) and sustainable agriculture. CropLife International aims to provide transparent information to its stakeholders and actively encourages open dialogue with interested parties."		
 Cultural Center Demos	"The Demos center produces and spreads information about the human rights situation, the development of democracy and the promotion of peace. They carry out seminars, conferences, courses, workshops, etc., to promote their objectives."		
" Cultural Survival, Inc"	"Cultural Survival's main mission is to protect the social, political and economic rights of indigenous cultures all over the world."		
" Cystic Fibrosis Worldwide, Inc"	Cystic Fibrosis Worldwide works to promote access to appropriate care and education to those people living with the disease in developing countries and to improve the knowledge of CF among medical professionals and governments worldwide.		
 Data from Developing Countries	"A collaborative effort of the RAND Labor and Population Program and the UCLA Economics Department, this site provides a good collection of surveys conducted in developing countries."		
 Defence for Children International	"Defence for Children International (DCI) is an independent non-governmental organisation that has been promoting and protecting children’s rights on a global, regional, national and local level for over 25 years."		
 Democracy Watch	Democracywatch is an NGO working in promotion of democracy and good governance in Bangladesh since 1995. It conducts training and runs projects with a vision to build awareness on democracy and good governance. It also carries out research and opinion poll on different social and political dimensions.		
 Demographic and Health Surveys	"Since 1984, the MEASURE DHS (Demographic and Health Surveys) project has provided technical assistance to more than 200 surveys in 75 countries, advancing global understanding of health and population trends in developing countries. The strategic objective of MEASURE DHS is to improve and institutionalize the collection and use of data by host countries for program monitoring and evaluation and for policy development decisions."		
 Demography and Population Studies	This site is part of the Virtual Library. It is a portal for information on population and demography.		
 Derechos Human Rights	"Derechos Human Rights, together with their sister organization Equipo Nizkor, work for the respect and promotion of human rights throughout the world. Their work includes the socialization of human rights related information and analysis through the internet and other media, the promotion of prosecutions of human rights violators and the support of local human rights NGOs and activists."		
 Desert Research Foundation of Namibia	"The DRFN works collaboratively in all sectors involved in management and use of natural resources, concentrating on the agriculture, energy and water sectors, with government, commercial, non-governmental and community-based organisations."		
 Development Alternatives with Women for a New Era (DAWN)	"DAWN began in 1984 when a group of feminists composed the document for the international conference marking the end of the UN Decade of Women. Much of DAWN's global advocacy work involves working in partnership with other organisations and networks to reform international institutions, ensure that governments live up to the commitments they made in the conferences, and mainstream gender in NGO advocacy initiatives."		
 Development Group for Alternative Policies (GAP)	"The Development Group for Alternative Policies was founded in 1976 to assist in the promotion of economic justice across the South, or Third World, by helping to maximize control by poor communities and sectors over their own development in the face of impositions from the North. The Development GAP’s focus both on the active participation of organized civil society in economic programming and on the accountability of U.S. and global institutions is predicated on the recognition of the existence of powerful interests, many of them Northern, that undermine local development processes."		
 Digital Freedom Network	"Digital Freedom Network (DFN) is a non-profit group that seeks to promote human rights as an attainable goal for all countries. Evident in our writing, we believe that free enterprise, limited government, rule of law and individual freedom are the most effective means to ensure the rights of men and women across the world."		
 Direct Relief International	"Direct Relief International provides medical assistance to improve the quality of life for people victimized by poverty, disaster, and civil unrest at home and throughout the world. They work to strengthen the in-country health efforts of our partners by providing essential material resources – medicines, supplies and equipment."		
 Directory of Development Organizations	"Over 20,000 organizations of all kinds are listed by region and country, with contact information. The information is copyright-free and downloadable."		
 Disability Awareness in Action (DAA)	"DAA was established to provide a network for the exchange of information and experience between disabled people and their representative organisations’, support disabled people’s self-advocacy and promote and protect disabled people’s human rights."		
 Disabled Peoples' International (DPI)	"Disabled Peoples' International is a network of national organizations or assemblies of disabled people, established to promote human rights of disabled people through full participation, equalization of opportunity and development."		
 Doctors of the World	"Doctors of the World-USA mobilizes the health sector to promote and protect these and other basic human rights and civil liberties for all people, in the United States and abroad. In collaboration with a network of affiliates around the world and in partnership with local communities, they work where health is diminished or endangered by violations of human rights and civil liberties. They provide essential care and services while training community residents to carry on the mission of health at the conclusion of our efforts."		
 Doctors Without Borders	"Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is an independent international medical humanitarian organization that delivers emergency aid to people affected by armed conflict, epidemics, natural or man-made disasters, or exclusion from health care in more than 70 countries."		
 Doctors without Borders (MSF-USA)	"Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is an independent international medical humanitarian organization that delivers emergency aid to people affected by armed conflict, epidemics, natural or man-made disasters, or exclusion from health care in more than 70 countries."		
 Earth Action	"EarthAction strategy is to create a golbal action alert network - a kind of Amnesty International for the planet - made up of individuals, groups and legislators, who are prepared to act together on global problems. Postcards available."		
 Earth Charter Initiative	"The Earth Charter Initiative is the collective name for the extraordinarily diverse, global network of people, organizations, and institutions who participate in promoting the Earth Charter, and in implementing its principles in practice."		
 Earth Island Institute	"Earth Island Institute develops and supports projects that counteract threats to the biological and cultural diversity that sustain the environment. Through education and activism, these projects promote the conservation, preservation, and restoration of the Earth."		
 Earth Rights International	"Group of activists, organizers and lawyers with expertise in human rights, the environment, and corporate and government accountability. The organization exposes and publicizes earth rights abuses through campaigns, reports, and articles."		
 Earth Society Foundation	"The Earth Society Foundation was formed for the following purpose: to provide a coordinating body which will create, assist, and serve to progress programs, policies and services aiding institutions, associations and individuals in their efforts to nurture the ideals of Peace, Justic"		
 Earth Summit Watch	Earth Summit is a portal for websites related to the environment.		
 Earth Times Foundation	"Earth Times is a leading website that publishes news reports and the latest information relating to the human environment and such interrelated concerns of the international community, such as economic growth, humanitarian issues, the environment, global business, automobiles and cars, education and learning, the latest in electronics, entertainment, personal and business finance plus economics worldwide at national and international levels to new games for all popular gaming platforms."		
 Earth Trust	Videos available. Lloyd Bridges was a longtime ET spokeperson. The president was an original founder and leader of Greenpeace.		
 Earth Watch Institute	"Earthwatch Institute is an international non-profit organization that brings science to life for people concerned about the Earth's future. Founded in 1971, Earthwatch supports scientific field research by offering volunteers the opportunity to join research teams around the world. This unique model is creating a systematic change in how the public views science and its role in environmental sustainability."		
 Earthscan	"Earthscan is one of the leading publishers in Sustainable Development. Their authoritative books and journals provide a valuable reference for our readers, subscribers and customers."		
 EC/UNFPA Initiative for Reproductive Health in Asia	"The RHIYA continues the successful collaboration between the European Union (EU), the UNFPA, European and local NGOs towards improving the sexual and reproductive health of the most vulnerable populations in South and South East Asia."		
 Education in Human Rights Network	The Education in Human Rights Network is an informal grouping of individuals and organisations concerned with human rights education.		
 Education International	"Education International protects the rights of every teacher and education worker, and every student they educate. They assist the development of democratic organisations for Teachers and other Education Workers and build Solidarity & Mutual Co-operation."		
 Education with Enterprise Trust (EWET)	"EWET source expertise from an extensive network of NGO's, Universities, Colleges, Associate Consultants and further development related experts. Constantly working towards being a learning organisation EWET pursue its mission to ""enable communities through development assistance for them to become the masters of their own destinies."""		
 Egale Canada	"Egale Canada is a national organization committed to advancing equality and justice for lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans-identified people, and their families, across Canada."		
 Egyptian Organization for Human Rights	Founded in 1985. National membership of 2.300 and has 17 provincial branches located throughout Egypt. Part of International and Arab human rights movement.		
 Eleanor Roosevelt Centre at Val-Kill	"Created to honor the legacy and continue the work of Eleanor Roosevelt. The organization focuses on social issues, such as human rights, racial equality, youth development, and the empowerment of women."		
 Empowerment and Rights Institute	"Empowerment and Rights Institute (EARI) is a Chinese non-governmental organization based in Beijing which focuses on protecting the human rights of disadvantaged groups including farmers, laborers (esp. female and child labor), migrant workers, complainants and petitioners, and victims of forced-relocation. EARI follows three fundamental principles : to advocate for basic human rights in the protection of ordinary citizens, to promote rule of law through upholding constitutionalism, and to help vulnerable groups join into unions or associations so as to empower them politically. EARI has undertaken a variety of training, advocacy and campaigning activities."		
 Empowerment for African Sustainable Development	"EASD is a private, non-profit, closed corporation focussing on the empowerment of African people and institutions operating in the areas of environmental management and sustainable development. They focus on the development of people, the design and management of appropriate African sustainable development institutions and the strategic use of information technology and knowledge management in sustainable development."		
 Engenderhealth	"EngenderHealth is an international nonprofit organization that has been working for 60 years to make reproductive health services safe, available, and sustainable for women and men worldwide."		
 Environment Liaison Center International	"Established in 1974, with the aim of strengthening communication and co-operation between and NGO's and civil society, providing liaison between NGO's and UNEP. It has global membership of NGO's in 104 countries."		
 Environmental Defense	"Brings together experts in science, law, and economics to tackle comples environmental issues that affect the Earth's oceans, air, natural resources, and species. It maintains a 750.000 member action network, which joins environmental and social groups around the globe."		
 EPCAT International	ECPAT is a network of organisations and individuals working together to eliminate the commercial sexual exploitation of children. It seeks to encourage the world community to ensure that children everywhere enjoy their fundamental rights free from all forms of commercial sexual exploitation.		
 Equality Now	"Equality Now was founded in 1992 to work for the protection and promotion of the human rights of women around the world. Working with national human rights organizations and individual activists, Equality Now documents violence and discrimination against women and mobilizes international action to support their efforts to stop these human rights abuses."		
 Equipo Nizkor	"Equipo Nizkor believes that socializing clear, accurate and timely information is the first step in the fight against human rights violations."		
 EuroNGOs	"EuroNGOs is a European network of non-governmental organisations that cooperate in the field of sexual and reproductive health and rights, population and development."		
 EUROPARC Federation	"Founded in 1973, and has grown to become the recognized, professional organization for European protected areas. It manages over 400 protected areas."		
 European Bar Human Rights Institute (IDHAE)	The Institute's goal is human rights information dissemination to concerned European partners.		
 European Center for Nature Conservation	Established in 1993. Its purpose is to further European nature conservation by bridging gap between science and policy. The ECNC network compromises 42 partners in 22 countries.		
 European Centre for Ecotoxicology and Toxicology of Chemicals	"The Association's main objective is to identify, evaluate and through such knowledge help industry minimize any potentially adverse effects on health and the environment that may arise from the manufacture and use of chemicals. To achieve this mission, ECETOC facilitates the networking of suitably qualified scientists from its member companies and co-operates in a scientific context with intergovernmental agencies, health authorities and professional institutions."		
 European Council on Refugees and Exiles (ECRE)	ECRE (European Council on Refugees and Exiles) is a pan-European network of refugee-assisting non-governmental organisations that promotes a humane and generous European asylum policy.		
 European Environmental Bureau	EEB's specific mission is to promote environmental policies and sustainable policies on the European Union level.		
 European Public Law Center (EPLC)	"The European Public Law Center's aims include study and research, as well as training in the field of public law of European countries, covering national, comparative and European law, establishing a European Public Law Library, and supporting the initiatives of the European Group of Public Law."		
 Experiment in International Living (EIL)	"Federation EIL members promote the lifelong involvement of individuals in intercultural learning experiences through homestays, group travel, study abroad, language training, work exchange and other cultural immersion programs."		
 Face to Face	"Face to Face is an independent, non-governmental, non-religious and non-political not-for-profit organization created to help build awareness of and support for the basic human rights of women and girls everywhere. These rights include, but are not limited to: freedom from discrimination and violence, the right to be treated equally to men, and and the right to education, health care, employment and equity."		
 Family Care International	Dedicated to improving women's sexual and reproductive health and rights in developing countries with a special emphasis on making pregnancy and childbirth safer.		
 Family Health International	"Formed in 1971, FHI is a leader among nonprofit international public health organizations, managing research and field activities in more than 70 countries to meet the public health needs of some of the world's most vulnerable people."		
 Fauna and Flora International	"Founded in 1903, it is the world's longest established conservation body. It is one of the few organization whose goal is to protect the entire spectrum of endangered plant and animal species on the planet."		
 FDI World Dental Federation	"The FDI is a federation of National Dental Associations and as such, its main roles are to bring together the world of dentistry, to represent the dental profession of the world and to stimulate and facilitate the exchange of information across all borders with the aim of optimal oral health for all peoples."		
 Federation of American Women's Clubs Overseas	International network of 76 independent clubs with a combined membership of over 17.000 women in 34 countries worldwide. FAWCO serves as a support network for American women living and working abroad.		
 Feminists for Free Expression (FFE)	"Feminists for Free Expression (FFE) is a group of diverse feminists working to preserve the individual's right to see, hear and produce materials of her choice without the intervention of the state. FFE provides a leading voice opposing state and national legislation that threatens free speech."		
 First Nations Development Institute	"Through a three-pronged strategy of education, advocacy, and capitalization, First Nations Development Institute is working to restore Native control and culturally-compatible stewardship of the assets they own - be they land, human potential, cultural heritage, or natural resources - and to establish new assets for ensuring the long-term vitality of Native communities."		
 First Peoples Worldwide	"First Peoples Worldwide, a project of the Tides Center, is the only international organization led by Indigenous Peoples and dedicated to the mission of promoting Indigenous economic determination and strengthening Indigenous communities through asset control and the dissemination of knowledge. First Peoples works stopping and reversing injustices by equipping Indigenous Peoples with resources to challenge government, corporation and conservation policies."		
 Focus on the Global South	"Focus on the Global South (Focus) is a non-governmental organisation with twenty staff working in Thailand, the Philippines and India. Focus combines policy research, advocacy, activism and grassroots capacity building in order to generate critical analysis and encourage debates on national and international policies related to corporate-led globalisation, neo-liberalism and militarisation."		
 Fondo de las Americas	"Video and fotos available. It finances environmental projects, and promote sustainable development."		
 Food for the Hungry	"Food for the Hungry works in more than 26 developing countries. They provide disaster and emergency relief, and implement sustainable development programs to transform communities physically and spiritually."		
 Food Research and Action Center	"The Food Research and Action Center (FRAC) is the leading national nonprofit organization working to improve public policies and public-private partnerships to eradicate hunger and undernutrition in the United States. FRAC works with hundreds of national, state and local nonprofit organizations, public agencies, and corporations to address hunger and its root cause, poverty."		
 FoodFirst Information & Action Network	FIAN is a human rights organization for the right to feed oneself with members in all parts of the world. FIAN International defends the right of ordinary people to feed themselves in dignity.		
 Ford Foundation	"The Ford Foundation is an independent nonprofit grant-making organization. We make grants in all 50 U.S. states and in many countries around the world. The Ford Foundation is a resource for innovative people and institutions worldwide. Our goals are to: strengthen democratic values, reduce poverty and justice, promote international cooperation and advance human achievement."		
 ForeignAid 500	ForeignAID Ratings' mission is to provide superior technical and management services to private- and public-sector clients worldwide.		
" Forest, Trees and People Program"	"The Forest, Trees, and People Program (FTPP) is a community forestry program. The FTPP was initiated in 1987 to emphasize the need for better cooperation and communication in community forestry. The regional centers distribute the newsletters, other publications, and provide a focal point for communications in their region and with other regions."		
 Forests and Communities	"We are an international network supporting ecologically sustainable community forestry, through information sharing, research and advocacy. We work at the local, regional and global level to raise awareness of the interdependence of forests and forest-dependent communities."		
 Forum for the Future	Founded in 1996 by three of the UK's leading advocates of sustainable development. The core programs provide a complete and integrated solution to sutainability issues.		
 Foundation for Education for Democracy	"The mission of the Foundation for Education for Democracy is to promote ideas about democracy and the free market economy. The Foundation promote skills necessary to exercise civic duties in a democratic society among teachers and democratic leaders in Poland, other East European countries and Central Asia, through training and publications programs."		
 Foundation for International Environmental Law & Development (FIELD)	FIELD is a non-governmental organisation bringing together public international lawyers committed to the promotion of environmental protection and sustainable development through law. They provide pro bono legal services.		
 Framework Convention Alliance on Tobacco Control	"The Framework Convention Alliance is made up of more than 250 organizations representing over 90 countries around the world. It was created to support the development, ratification, and implementation of the WHO FCTC."		
 Free Burma Coalition (FBC)	"The FBC was founded at the University of Wisconsin at Madison in 1995 as a Burmese-led political initiative to support Burmese people's aspirations and struggle for democracy and human rights through boycotts, pro-sanctions advocacy and Burma awareness promotion."		
 Freedom House	"Founded in 1941 by Eleanor Roosevelt, Wendell Willkie, and other Americans concerned with the mounting threats to peace and democracy, Freedom House has been a vigorous proponent of democratic values and a steadfast opponent of dictatorships of the far left and the far right. They conduct an array of advocacy, education, and training initiatives that promote human rights, democracy, free market economics, the rule of law, independent media, and US engagement in international affairs."		
 Freedom to Marry	"Freedom to Marry is the gay and non-gay partnership working to win marriage equality nationwide. Freedom to Marry encourages dialogue with Americans thinking through the need to end discrimination in marriage, provides support to targeted state and local efforts, and promotes fairness for all families, including same-sex couples and the children raised by gay parents."		
 Friends of the Earth	FOE was formed in 1971 to promote sustainable environmental practices and policies around the world. FOE seeks to influence the government to make changes to policies in favour of people and planet.		
 Fundacion Desarrollo Sostenido	"The Foundation for Sustainable Development is a non-religious, non-political and independent non-governmental organization (NGO) for development, founded in 1995. FUNDESO works to build a fair and more humane world through integral and sustainable development projects in Latin America, Africa and Asia, as well as awareness projects within Spanish society to fight against inequalities."		
 Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD)	"The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) is dedicated to promoting and ensuring fair, accurate and inclusive representation of people and events in the media as a means of eliminating homophobia and discrimination based on gender identity and sexual orientation."		
 GCS Movement	"GCS is a global movement which is focused on five major activities: a movement for actualizing a healthy society, improving standards of living, protecting nature and the environment, restoring human dignity, and promoting world peace with the spirit of GCS: Goodwill, Cooperation, and Service."		
 General Federation of Women's Clubs	"GFWC is the world's largest and oldest women's volunteer service organization. Working locally through thousands of clubs in the US and globally in more than 20 countries, GFWC members support the arts, preserve natural resources, promote education, encourage healthy living."		
 German Pharma Health Fund e	"The German Pharma Health Fund e.V. (GPHF), an initiative of the research-based pharmaceutical companies in Germany, was founded in 1985. The primary objective of the GPHF activities is to develop and implement pilot projects for the improvement of health care in developing countries. Another objective of these activities is to implement successful projects in other regions and countries where identical or similar problems occur. First priority is given to the ""Help Towards Self-help"" principle."		
 Gifts in Kind International	"Gifts In Kind International's mission is to link donor resources to enhance, empower, and restore communities and people in need. Gifts In Kind receives donations from thousands of large and small companies, including half of the Fortune 100 technology, retail, and consumer corporations. They distribute these donations to more than 150,000 community charities across the United States and throughout the world."		
 Girls' Rights	"The Working Group on Girls (WGG) and its InternationalNetwork for Girls (INfG) are dedicated to promoting the rights of girls in all areas and stages of their lives,advancing the rights and status of girls and assisting them to develop their full potential as women."		
 Global Alliance for Women's Health	"The Global Alliance for Women's Health (GAWH) is commited to advancing women's health in all stages of life at all policy levels through health promotion, education, advocacy and program implementation. The GAWH works with coalitions of international, national and non-governmental organizations (NGOs), women's groups, health care professionals, religious organizations, academics and individual citizens from all regions of the world to promote and implement women's health care service improvements and research at the local, national and international levels."		
 Global Development Network	The Global Development Network (GDN) is a worldwide network of research and policy institutes working to provide a fresh and relevant perspective to the development challenges of our time.		
 Global Education Associates (GEA)	"GEA's mission is to advance global systems that will secure ecological integrity, peace, human rights, economic and social well-being, and democratic participation, with special care to include the voices and perspectives of poor and marginalized people and of diverse cultural and religious traditions."		
 Global Forum for Health Research	"The Global Forum for Health Research believes that more health research needs to be devoted to improving the health of people in developing countries. It is working to change the priorities governing how existing resources for health research are used, encourage new resources that will be directed to research in the neglected areas, and foster research in the neglected areas to reduce the burdens of disease and disability."		
 Global Fund for Women	"The Global Fund for Women is an international network of women and men committed to a world of equality and social justice, advocates for and defends women's human rights by making grants to support women's groups around the world."		
 Global Greengrants Fund	"Global Greengrants bridges the gap between those who can offer financial support and grassroots groups in developing countries that can make effective use of that support. They make grants (typically $500 to $5,000) to grassroots groups in some of the world’s most despoiled and impoverished places where other sources of support often are not available."		
 Global Health Council	The Global Health Council is the world's largest membership alliance dedicated to saving lives by improving health throughout the world. The Council works to ensure that all who strive for improvement and equity in global health have the information and resources they need to succeed.		
 Global Lawyers and Physicians	Global Lawyers and Physicians is a non-profit non-governmental organization that focuses on health and human rights issues. GLP was formed to reinvigorate the collaboration of the legal and medical/public health professions to protect the human rights and dignity of all persons.		
 Global Lead Network (GLN)	"The Global Lead Network is sponsored by the Alliance To End Childhood Lead Poisoning and is designed to develop and implement a coordinated global initiative to advance prevention policy. The network provides a forum for NGOs, local and national governments, regional organizations, overseas development aid programs, the private sector, multilateral lending institutions, and United Nations agencies to work toward implementing international commitments on leaded gasoline phase-out and lead poisoning prevention."		
 Global Links	"Global Links is dedicated to reducing the amount of still useful surplus that is needlessly thrown away in the U.S., while helping to provide targeted hospitals in developing countries with the ability to better treat their patients, and expand services. To meet these goals, Global Links recovers unused medical supplies as well as equipment and furnishings from U.S. hospitals for distribution to hospitals and clinics that serve the poorest segments of the population in developing countries."		
 Global Policy Forum: NGOs	"Global Policy Forum’s mission is to monitor policy making at the United Nations, promote accountability of global decisions, educate and mobilize for global citizen participation, and advocate on vital issues of international peace and justice."		
 Global Resource Services	"GRS was initially developed as a response to the complex natural disasters in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK). From this context, GRS continued to develop and respond to the historical opportunities in Asia. Since 1997 GRS has consulted, mediated, represented, and facilitated the efforts of literally hundreds of government, education, research, business, and humanitarian organizations' projects in Asia."		
 Global Vision	"Global Vision Corporation is an independent non-profit, NGO accredited to the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development (CSD), a network of fifty-three Governments and over 700 NGOs collaborating to implement Agenda 21, the international action plan for the sustainable development of our planet."		
 Global Witness	"Global Witness exposes the corrupt exploitation of natural resources and international trade systems, to drive campaigns that end impunity, resource-linked conflict, and human rights and environmental abuses."		
 Goal USA	"From its first year of operation in 1977, when it spent a mere €12,000 on a street children’s project in Calcutta, GOAL has grown and grown – spending over €400 million implementing relief and development programs in 50 countries in the past 30 years. Once emergency situations have been resolved, GOAL implements a wide range of rehabilitation programs including primary healthcare, repair of home and infrastructure, clinics, schools etc., and water and sanitation. Long-term development programs in areas such as health, nutrition, education and capacity building of indigenous humanitarian organizations are also implemented."		
 Grassroots International	"Grassroots International promotes global justice through partnerships with social change organizations. We work to advance political, economic and social rights and support development alternatives through grantmaking, education and advocacy."		
 Green Alliance	"The Green Alliance's mission is to promote sustainable development by ensuring that the environment is at the heart of decision-making. They were formed in 1978, and have influenced many changes in UK environmental policy and politics."		
 Green Belt Movement	"Through its holistic approach to development, the Green Belt Movement addresses the underlying social, political, and economic causes of poverty and environmental degradation at the grassroots level. Its empowerment seminars help people make critical linkages between the environment, governance, and their quality of life. As they gain economic security, they are willing to protect shared resources such as forests, public parks, and rivers. The GBM started by addressing a serious problem with a simple solution: getting communities to plant trees as a symbol of their commitment."		
 Green Camel Bell	"Green Camel Bell's mission is the ""protection of the Mother River"" or the Yellow River basin. Among other activities, the organization's two staffers and several dozen volunteers assemble the environmental records of factories across Lanzhou: culling newspaper articles, academic studies, and reports prepared by local environmental officials. They send the information to a partner group in Beijing, which feeds it into the China Water Pollution Map (www.ipe.org.cn/english), a free online database that allows users to access information about water quality in their region. The site also publishes a list of factories that violate national environmental standards - including many state-owned enterprises."		
 Green Cross International	"The mission of Green Cross International is to help ensure a just, sustainable and secure future for all by fostering a value shift and cultivating a new sense of global interdependence and shared responsibility in humanity’s relationship with nature. Green Cross International provides unbiased environmental analysis and expertise, information dissemination, education, objective evaluations for public debate, scientific studies, and social and medical support. and The mission of Green Cross International is to help ensure a just, sustainable and secure future for all by fostering a value shift and cultivating a new sense of global interdependence and shared responsibility in humanity’s relationship with nature. Green Cross International promotes legal, ethical and behavioral norms that ensure basic changes in the values, actions and attitudes of government, the private sector and civil society, prevents and resolves conflicts arising from environmental degradation and provides assistance to people affected by the environmental consequences of wars and conflicts."		
 Green Earth Organization	"Founded in 1983. Development and peace organization. Aims and objectives: ensuring conservation and rational use of natural resources, serving as an environmental watchdog, ensuring sustainable population growth, empowering and improving life for disadvan"		
 Green Front of Iran	"The Green Front was established in 1989 by four medical students in Tehran. The Green Front's mission is developing both a culture of protection, preservation and renovation of the environment and a culture of peace and harmony between people and nature through public education and awareness."		
 Green Line	Greenline embraces the principal of environmentally sound development in the developing world. It was founded in 1990 by a group of professionals from the American University of Beirut.		
 Green Stone	"Green Stone is a cooperative organization dedicated to environmental protection and students' enviroment groups. It promotes communication and information and material resource sharing through forums, newletters, its website, and training camps. Green Stone also carries out various environmental protection activities such as protecting the rare Chinese swallowtail butterfly and baiji dolphin, environmental education programs for children, recovery of the ecosystem of Mufu Moutain, and translations of enviromental books for the public."		
 Greenpeace	"Greenpeace is an independent global campaigning organisation that acts to change attitudes and behaviour, to protect and conserve the environment and to promote peace."		
 Habitat International Coalition	"Habitat International Coalition (HIC) is an independent, international, non-profit alliance of some 400 organizations and individuals working in the area of human settlements. A shared set of objectives bind and shape HIC's commitment to communities working to secure housing and improve their habitat conditions."		
 Haitian Movement for Rural Development (MHDR)	"The MDHR was founded specifically with the intention to promote the self-help of rural people as well as marginalized people in general, in order to contribute to the betterment of their living conditions."		
 Hand	"HAND provides free medical care to the 500 poorest families in and around the Nu Jiang area of China, situated in Yunnan province. Common diagnoses included those that one associates with a poor rural area, 3,000 metres high, for instance and dehydration sickness, treatment of thrush and other fungal related diseases, bacterial infections found in eyes or as a result of food poisoning."		
 Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations	"The Hauser Center is an interdisciplinary research center at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government. Its site includes free online Working Paper series, some of which cover NGOs and globalization."		
 Healthwrights	"HealthWrights is a non-profit organization committed to advancing the health, basic rights, social equality, and self-determination of disadvantaged persons and groups."		
 Heifer International	"Heifer International with animal sponsors works to achieve sustainable development around the world. Heifer has learned over the years that a holistic approach is necessary in order to build sustainable communities. So they’ve developed a set of global initiatives – agroecology, gender equity, animal well-being training, HIV/AIDS and microenterprises."		
 Helen Keller International	"The mission of Helen Keller International is to save the sight and lives of the most vulnerable and disadvantaged. They combat the causes and consequences of blindness and malnutrition by establishing programs based on evidence and research in vision, health and nutrition. Their vision is to strive to be the most scientifically competent organization in improving vision and nutrition throughout the world."		
 HelpAge International	"Helpage International is the only global network of not-for-profit organisations with a mission to improve the lives of disadvantaged older people. They do this by supporting practical programmes, giving a voice to older people, and influencing policy at local, national and international levels."		
 Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights	"The Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights, with its headquarters in Warsaw, was established in 1989. Currently, the Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights is one of the most experienced and professional non-government organisations active in the domain of human rights in Europe."		
 Helvetas	"Helvetas was founded in 1955 as the first private organisation for development co-operation in Switzerland. Helvetas is a denominationally and politically independent association, supported by approximately 43’000 members, 40’000 sponsors and 15 regional groups. First, Helvetas addresses material needs or aims, such as procuring food and improved living conditions, increased production and income or improved infrastructures. Equally important are its immaterial aims – overcoming of paralysing dependence, reduction of inequality, building up of self-confidence or the strengthening of responsibility towards other human beings and the environment."		
 Ho-Sum	Ho-Sum is dedicated to involve people in volunteering and increase awareness of charities in Hong Kong. We believe the power of information technology and the Internet can benefit the whole process of volunteering. The website www.Ho-Sum.org is designed to be a user-friendly online meeting place for volunteers and credible charities in Hong Kong.		
" Human Rights Advocates, Inc"	"HRA is a human rights organization based in Berkeley, California. HRA participates actively in the work of various United Nations human rights bodies, using its status as a fully accredited Non-Governmental Organization. They are most involved at the United Nations Commission on Human Rights and its Sub-Commission, the Commission on the Status of Women, the Commission on Sustainable Development."		
 Human Rights Congress for Bangladesh Minorities	"HRCBM is a worldwide campaigning movement dedicated to protecting the human rights of people in Bangladesh. In particular, they work for minorities in Bangladesh. They stand with victims and activists to prevent discrimination, to uphold political freedom, to protect people from inhumane conduct, and to bring offenders to justice."		
 Human Rights Education Institutions	The UN created this database as a source of the educational institutions that are concerned with human rights.		
 Human Rights First	"Human Rights First believes that building respect for human rights and the rule of law will help ensure the dignity to which every individual is entitled and will stem tyranny, extremism, intolerance, and violence. They advocate for change at the highest levels of national and international policymaking. They seek justice through the courts. They raise awareness and understanding through the media. They build coalitions among those with divergent views. And they mobilize people to act."		
 Human Rights Foundation of Turkey	Human Rights Foundation of Turkey has been established by the Human Rights Association and 32 human rights defender in 1990. It is an independent and non- governmental organization.		
 Human Rights in China	"HRIC was founded by Chinese scientists and scholars in 1989. HRIC encourages victims of human rights abuses to seek redress under domestic law, and assist them in seeking international intervention when appropriate."		
 Human Rights Internet	"Founded in 1976, HRI is a leader in the exchange of information within the worldwide human rights community. HRI communicates by phone, fax, mail and the Internet with more than 5,000 organizations and individuals around the world working for the advancement of human rights."		
 Human Rights Watch	Human Rights Watch is dedicated to protecting the human rights of people around the world. They investigate and expose human rights violations and hold abusers accountable. They challenge governments and those who hold power to end abusive practices and respect international human rights law.		
 Human Sciences Research Council	"The Human Sciences Research Council (HSRC) of South Africa is a statutory body established in 1968. It supports development nationally, in the Southern African Development Community (SADC) and in Africa. It primarily conducts large-scale, policy-relevant, social-scientific projects for public-sector users, non-governmental organisations and international development agencies, in partnership with researchers globally, but specifically in Africa."		
 Humane Society of the United States (HSUS)	The Humane Society promotes appropriate treatment of animals around the world and leads campaigns to prevent cruelty towards animals in all of its many forms.		
 Humanitarian Practice Network	"The Humanitarian Practice Network (HPN) was established in 1994 to provide an independent forum for policy-makers, practitioners and others working in or on the humanitarian sector to share and disseminate information, analysis and experience, and to learn from it. The only network of its kind, HPN plays a key role in examining policy developments and distilling practice. It is fast in capturing major new initiatives and good practice from a wide range of players, and documenting and disseminating this information to field staff and policy-makers."		
 Hunger Project	"The Hunger Project is committed to the sustainable end of world hunger. In Africa, Asia, and Latina America, they empower local people to create lasting society-wide progress in health, education, nutrition, and family incomes."		
 IFCO/Pastors for Peace	"Pastors for Peace is a special ministry of the Interreligious Foundation for Community Organization, and was created in 1988 to pioneer the delivery of humanitarian aid to Latin America and the Carribean. For almost 40 years, IFCO has assisted the poor and disenfranchised in developing and sustaining community organizations to fight human and civil rights injustices."		
 IGC Internet	"IGC is a nonprofit resource for other NGOs. This site links to many NGOs by broad and subdivided topics. Beginning in 1987, the Institute for Global Communications (IGC) played a formative role in bringing advanced communications technologies to grassroots organizations worldwide working for peace, human rights, environmental sustainability, women's rights, conflict resolution and worker rights."		
 Inclusion International	"Inclusion International is an assembly of the voices of persons with intellectual disabilities and their families that promotes shared values of respect, diversity, human rights, solidarity and inclusion. II has acted as a vehicle for the voices of people with disabilities and their families to be heard for over 40 years. The inclusion of people with disabilities into their communities, as valued neighbours and citizens, is a priority for Inclusion International and its membership."		
 Indian Land Tenure Foundation	"The Indian Land Tenure Foundation is a nonprofit organization that is community organized and community directed. The community includes Indian landowners, Indian people on and off reservations, Indian land organizations, tribal communities, tribal governments and others connected to Indian land issues. The Foundation's focus is to educate, support activities and raise funds to carry out goals related to Indian land tenure."		
 Indigenous Environmental Network	"Established in 1990 within the United States, IEN was formed by grassroots Indigenous peoples and individuals to address environmental and economic justice issues (EJ). IEN's activities include building the capacity of Indigenous communities and tribal governments to develop mechanisms to protect our sacred sites, land, water, air, natural resources, health of both our people and all living things, and to build economically sustainable communities. IEN accomplishes this by maintaining an informational clearinghouse, organizing campaigns, direct actions and public awareness, and building the capacity of community and tribes to address EJ issues."		
 Industry Council for Development	"ICSBD was established in 1986 as a non-profit corporation to promote the exchange of ideas, methods, experiences and general information among qualified individuals involved in the small business subcontracting program, develop a closer relationship and better communication between the small business community and large companies, state and local government, publicize the activities of members' organizations in the small business field for the information of the business community and the general public, and and recommend to the appropriate entity changes to federal and state regulations and actions that should be taken to enhance the activities of this corporation."		
 Institute for Development Research	"The IDR is both a multi-disciplinary resource centre for development research, consultancy and training and an Internet based hub of an international network. The centre and the hub together provide minimum cost services, back-up and enhanced learning opportunities primarily to Christian agencies working to reduce poverty of all types and to spiritually empower poor people living in low income countries."		
 Institute for Human Rights and Development in Africa (IHRDA)	"The Institute for Human Rights and Development in Africa was founded and established in 1997 in Banjul, The Gambia, by two human rights lawyers. The vision for the Institute was a Pan-African non-governmental organization with the specific objective of advancing the respect for human rights in Africa."		
 Institute for Research on Poverty	"IRP is a center for interdisciplinary research into the causes and consequences of poverty and social inequality in the United States. It is based at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. As one of three Area Poverty Research Centers sponsored by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, it has a particular interest in poverty and family welfare in the Midwest."		
 Institute of Development Studies	"The Institute of Development Studies is a leading global organisation for research, teaching and communications on international development."		
 Institute of Social Order	"The Institute of Social Order envisions a society that upholds human dignity, sharing and democracy as embodied in the principles of faith-justice, inculturation dialogue reflected in the GC 34 documents of Society of Jesus, the Gospel and the Social Teachings of the Catholic Church. The ISO is dedicated to the education and training of local communities, income generating projects, and technology assistance."		
 Institute of Social Studies Trust	"ISST is dedicated to conducting research and action programmes to promote social justice and equity for the under-privileged with a focus on women. ISST attempts to bridge the gaps between research, action and policy debate, with a focus on issues concerning the poor, especially women."		
 Institute of Southeast Asian Studies	"The Institute of Southeast Asian Studies is a regional research centre dedicated to the study of socio-political, security and economic trends and developments in Southeast Asia and its wider geostrategic and economic environment. The aim of the Institute is to nurture a community of scholars interested in the region and to engage in research on the multi-faceted dimensions and issues of stability and security, economic development, and political, social and cultural change."		
 Institute of World Affairs	"The Institute of World Affairs was founded in 1924 as a non-profit, non-partisan, tax-exempt organization devoted to international understanding and the peaceful resolution of conflict. In support of its mission, the Institute conducts a range of programs designed to prevent violent conflict and to advance post-conflict peacebuilding."		
 Instituto de Derecho y Economia Ambiental	"IDEA seeks to maintain a group of excellent professionals, committed to the challenges involved in protecting the environment and the promotion of just economic models that are true to the principles of sustainable development and the conservation of natural resources for future generations of Paraguayans. IDEA’s professionals work investigating, training, diffusing and designing public policy."		
 Instituto de Desarrollo y Medio Ambiente	Founded in 1984. Concerned with human development and sustainable development. Tries to fight off poverty.		
 Instituto Social y Politico de la Mujer	"The ISPM was founded in 1986, and works with the rights of women in Argentina."		
 Inter-American Association of Sanitary and Environmental Engineering	"AIDIS - Interamerican Sanitary and Environmental Engineering Association is a non-profit scientific civil society. It contains the main student and professional institutions of the Americas that are dedicated to environmental, sanitary and health preservation. It keeps close contact with governments of each country in the area it covers to achieve the execution of action plans that reduce, as possible, health, environmental and sanitary problems and creates awareness on environmental, health and sanitary problems offering/suggesting alternatives and solutions."		
 Inter-American Institute of Human Rights (IIHR)	"The Inter-American Institute of Human Rights is an independent international academic institution, created in 1980 under an agreement between the Inter-American Court of Human Rights and the Republic of Costa Rica. Today, the IIDH is one of the most important world centers for teaching and academic research on human rights, with a multidisciplinary approach and with emphasis on the problems of America."		
 InterAction	"InterAction is the largest alliance of U.S.-based international development and humanitarian nongovernmental organizations. With more than 160 members operating in every developing country, we work to overcome poverty, exclusion and suffering by advancing social justice and basic dignity for all."		
 INTERCOOPERATION	"Intercooperation is dedicated to international development cooperation. They are governed by 21 organisations representing the development community, civil society and the private sector. Intercooperation is both an implementing and an advisory organisation, providing professional resources and knowledge combined with social commitment ."		
 Interhemispheric Resource Center	International Relations Center is a policy studies institute. The International Relations Center is working to make the U.S. a more responsible member of the global community by promoting progressive strategic dialogues that lead to new citizen-based agendas.		
 Interights	"INTERIGHTS is a UK-registered charity established in 1982. It aims to enforce human rights through law, providing protection and redress, in particular regions and on issues of strategic focus, to strengthen human rights jurisprudence and mechanisms through the use of international and comparative law, and and to empower legal partners and promote their effective use of law to protect human rights."		
 Intermediate Techology Development Group	"Practical Action aims to demonstrate and advocate the sustainable use of technology to reduce poverty in developing countries. With their commitment to poverty reduction, environmental conservation and technology choice they think Practical Action is uniquely placed to contribute to a world free of poverty."		
 International Academy of Architecture (IAA)	"The International Architecture Academy's major activities of an international scope are the international architectural conferences, competitions and exhibitions."		
 International Agency for Economic Development	"The mission and philosophy of the International Agency For Economic Development is to improve the economies and standards of living in developing countries through intelligent charitable projects. The Agency studies and analyses the worlds conditions/problems by monitoring the United Nations. IAED works closely with Governments, Civil Society Sectors, and Businesses to focus on the problems and developmental needs of the developing countries to find positive solutions."		
 International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness	"IAPB was established as a coordinating, umbrella organization to lead an international effort in mobilizing resources for blindness prevention activities. IAPB aspires to link professional bodies, non-governmental organisations (NGOs), educational institutions and interested individuals with national programs for the prevention of blindness."		
 International Air Transport Association	"IATA seeks to improve understanding of the industry among decision makers and increase awareness of the benefits that aviation brings to national and global economies. It fights for the interests of airlines across the globe, challenging unreasonable rules and charges, holding regulators and governments to account, and striving for sensible regulation."		
 International Alert	"nternational Alert is an independent peacebuilding organisation working in over 20 countries and territories around the world. Their dual approach involves working directly with people affected by violent conflict as well as at government, EU and UN levels to shape both policy and practice in building sustainable peace."		
 International Alliance of Women (IAW)	"In 1902, the International Alliance of Women for Suffrage and Legal Citizenship was founded by leading American suffragists at a meeting in Washington attended by women from eleven countries."		
 International Association for Adolescent Health	"The IAAH is a multidisciplinary, non-government organization with a broad focus on youth health.  IAAH was established in 1987 and is committed to the principles of youth empowerment in all aspects of its affairs and supports the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (1989)."		
 International Association for Biologicals	"The IABs (International Association for Biologicals) is an independent, non-profit scientific organization which was founded in Lyons, France, in 1955 by a group of independent experts who identified an urgent need for an improvement in the quality and comparability of the data being exchanged between scientists working in the research, development, production, standardization and regulation of human and veterinary biological products. Towards this end, IABs acts as a major international forum for bringing together state controllers, manufacturers, academic research workers and public health organisations to develop a consensus on issues concerning the standardization and control of biological medicinal products for human and veterinary use such as vaccines and blood products."		
" International Association for Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, and Allied Professions"	The Association's objectives are to advance the scientific study of child and adolescent mental health and disseminate its findings through the media of meetings and publications.		
 International Association for Dental Research	"The IADR's mission is to advance research and increase knowledge for the improvement of oral health worldwide, to support and represent the oral health research community, and to facilitate the communication and application of research findings."		
 International Association for Maternal and Neonatal Health	"The International Association for Maternal and Neonatal Health - IAMANEH was founded in June 1977 in Geneva. It is incorporated under Swiss law as a non-governmental, non-profitmaking organization with the purpose of improving maternal and neonatal health throughout the world. It is a federation of national associations from all regions, which share the same purpose."		
 International Association for Natural Gas Vehicles (IANGV)	"The International Association for Natural Gas Vehicles (IANGV) was established in 1986 to provide the NGV industry with an international forum and to foster growth, safety, product development and policy formation. In the twenty years since our establishment, we have seen worldwide NGV numbers grow from almost none to five million vehicles. Over the next 15 years, we are projecting a ten-fold increase, to reach a target of 50 million NGVs on the road globally by 2020."		
 International Association for Religious Freedom	"The International Association for Religious Freedom is a registered charity based in the United Kingdom which has the aim of working for freedom of religion and belief at a global level. We have over 90 affiliated member groups in approximately 25 countries, from a wide range of faith traditions including Buddhism, Christianity, Hinduism, Islam, Shintoism and Sikhism, among others."		
 International Association for Suicide Prevention	"IASP is dedicated to preventing suicidal behaviour, to alleviate its effects, and to provide a forum for academians, mental health professionals, crisis workers, volunteers and suicide survivors. IASP will continue to explore and evaluate issues surrounding suicide and its prevention at a global level with the aim of identifying needs and opportunities for suicide prevention."		
 International Association for the Scientific Study of Intellectual Disabilities	The International Association for the Scientific Study of Intellectual Disabilities (mental retardation and related developmental disabilities) is an international and interdisciplinary scientific non governmental organization with official relations with the World Health Organization. It promotes worldwide research and exchange of information on intellectual disabilities. The association (originally named the International Association for the Scientific Study of Mental Deficiency) was founded in 1964 and has sponsored eleven World Congresses. IASSID is the first and only world-wide group dedicated to the scientific study of intellectual disability.		
 International Association for the Study of Obesity	"(IASO) is an umbrella organisation for national obesity associations which comprises 51 Member Associations, representing 55 countries. In 2002, the International Association for the Study of Obesity and the International Obesity TaskForce (IOTF) merged to create a strengthened organisation with a truly global reach to tackle the obesity epidemic. Their mission is to improve global health by promoting the understanding of obesity and weight-related diseases through scientific research and dialogue, whilst encouraging the development of effective policies for their prevention and management."		
 International Association for the Study of Pain	"IASP is the world’s largest individual membership association in the field of pain. The International Association for the Study of Pain® (IASP) is the leading professional forum for science, practice, and education in the field of pain. Membership of IASP is open to all professionals involved in pain research or the diagnosis and treatment of pain. IASP has more than 6,900 members in 106 countries, 67 national Chapters, and 14 Special Interest Groups (SIGs). IASP sponsors research symposia on specific pain-related topics and provides grants, awards, and fellowships to support international pain research."		
 International Center for Research on Women	"Since its founding in 1976, ICRW has worked with partner organizations and governments throughout the world to promote gender equitable development, reduce poverty, and change the lives of millions of women and girls and their communities - undertaking focused, evidence-based, action-oriented research, providing technical assistance to partner organizations, donors and governments, and and advocating for new or improved policies and programs."		
 International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development	"The International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development (ICIMOD) is an international independent mountain learning and knowledge centre committed to improving the sustainable livelihoods of mountain peoples in the extended Himalayan region. ICIMOD’s mission is to develop and provide integrated and innovative solutions, in cooperation with national, regional, and international partners, which foster action and change for overcoming mountain people’s economic, social, and physical vulnerability."		
 International Centre for Research in Agroforestry	"The WAC's vision is an 'agroforestry transformation' in the developing world resulting in a massive increase in the use of working trees on working landscapes by smallholder rural households that helps ensure security in food, nutrition, income, health, shelter and energy and a regenerated environment. They use science to generate knowledge on the complex role of trees in livelihoods and the environment, and foster use of this knowledge to improve decisions and practices impacting on the poor."		
 International Chamber of Commerce (ICC)	"ICC (International Chamber of Commerce) is the voice of world business championing the global economy as a force for economic growth, job creation and prosperity. ICC activities cover a broad spectrum, from arbitration and dispute resolution to making the case for open trade and the market economy system, business self-regulation, fighting corruption or combating commercial crime."		
 International Commission of Jurists (ICJ)	"The International Commission of Jurists is dedicated to the primacy, coherence and implementation of international law and principles that advance human rights. The ICJ provides legal expertise at both the international and national levels to ensure that developments in international law adhere to human rights principles and that international standards are implemented at the national level."		
 International Commission of Missing Persons (ICMP)	"ICMP was created in 1996, following the G-7 Summit, in Lyon, France, to address the issue of persons missing as a result of the different conflicts relevant to Bosnia and Herzegovina (BiH), the Republic of Croatia and Republic of Serbia from 1991 to 1995. ICMP endeavors to secure the co-operation of Governments and other authorities in locating and identifying persons missing as a result of armed conflicts, other hostilities or violations of human rights and to assist them in doing so. ICMP also supports the work of other organizations in their efforts, encourages public involvement in its activities and contributes to the development of appropriate expressions of commemoration and tribute to the missing."		
 International Committee of Solidarity for Political Prisoners in Tunisia (ICSPPT)	ICSPPT works to gain petitions and support for the thousands of political prisoners in Tunisia. Its site includes publications on human rights and profiles of some of the political prisoners.		
 International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC)	"The ICRC is an independent, neutral organization ensuring humanitarian protection and assistance for victims of war and armed violence. The ICRC has a permanent mandate under international law to take impartial action for prisoners, the wounded and sick, and civilians affected by conflict. With its HQ in Geneva, Switzerland, the ICRC is based in around 80 countries and has a total of more than 12,000 staff."		
 International Community of Women Living with HIV/Aids	"The ICW is the only international network run for and by HIV positive women. Founded in 1992, in response to the desperate lack of support, information and services available to women living with HIV worldwide and the need for these women to have influence and input on policy development."		
 International Confederation of Free Trade Unions	"The International Confederation of Free Trade Unions (ICFTU), was set up in 1949 and has 241 affiliated organisations in 156 countries and territories on all five continents, with a membership of 155 million, 40% of who are women. The ICFTU cooperates closely with the International Labour Organisation and has consultative status with the United Nations’ Economic and Social Council and with specialised agencies such as UNESCO, FAO, etc."		
 International Council of Environmental Law (ICEL)	"The International Council of Environmental Law (ICEL) was founded in 1969 in New Delhi as a public interest organisation with the aims of promoting the exchange of information on the legal, administrative and policy aspects of environmental conservation and sustainable development, to support new initiatives in this field, and to encourage advice and assistance through its network."		
 International Council of Jewish Women	"The National Council of Jewish Women is a volunteer organization that has been at the forefront of social change for over a century. Inspired by Jewish values, NCJW courageously takes a progressive stance on issues such as child welfare, women's rights, and reproductive freedom."		
 International Council of Voluntary Agencies	"The International Council of Voluntary Agencies (ICVA), founded in 1962, is a global network that brings together human rights, humanitarian, and development NGOs as an advocacy alliance for humanitarian action. Focusing on humanitarian and refugee policy issues, ICVA draws upon the work of its members at the field level and brings their experiences to international decision-making forums."		
 International Council of Women	"ICW is an international, non-political, non-governmental organization which represents millions of women in its affiliated councils in all continents of the globe with the principal objectives: to help women help themselves, to promote equal rights and responsibilities for both men and women, to promote recognition and respect for human rights, to support all the efforts for peace, to bring together women from all continents in unity within diversity, and to encourage the integration of women in development"		
 International Council on Monuments and Sites	"The International Council on Monuments and Sites is an association of professionals throughout the world that currently bring together over 7500 members. ICOMOS works for the conservation and protection of cultural heritage places. It is the only global non-government organisation of this kind, which is dedicated to promoting the application of theory, methodology, and scientific techniques to the conservation of the architectural and archaeological heritage."		
 International Development Research Centre	"The International Development Research Centre (IDRC) is a public corporation created by the Parliament of Canada in 1970 to help developing countries use science and technology to find practical, long-term solutions to the social, economic, and environmental problems they face. Support is directed toward developing an indigenous research capacity to sustain policies and technologies that developing countries need to build healthier, more equitable, and more prosperous societies."		
 International Eye Foundation	"IEF works to prevent and treat blindness through a combination of medical attention, partnerships with local health organizations, and the enhancement of management and medical skills at treatment facilities"		
 International Federation of Action by Christians for the Abolition of Torture (FIACAT)	"The International Federation of ACAT (FIACAT) brings together ACAT national associations from four continents, and has been serving them since 1987. Ever since it was founded, in 1974, ACAT (Action by Christians for the Abolition of Torture) has campaigned on behalf of people who are tortured, detained in inhuman conditions, sentenced to death or ""disappeared"", whatever their origins, political opinions or religious beliefs."		
 International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine	"IFCC focuses on the field of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine worldwide. Through leadership and innovation in science and education, IFCC strives to enhance the scientific level and the quality of diagnosis and therapy for patients throughout the world."		
 International Federation of Fertility Societies	IFFS stimulates basic and applied research and the dissemination of knowledge in all aspects of reproduction and fertility.		
 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics	FIGO is the only international organization that groups obstetricians and gynocologists. The mission of FIGO is to promote the well-being of women and to raise the standard of practice in obstetrics and gynecology		
 International Federation of Health and Human Rights Organisations (IFHHRO)	"Physicians for Human Rights mobilizes health professionals to advance health, dignity, and justice and promotes the right to health for all. Harnessing the specialized skills, rigor, and passion of doctors, nurses, public health specialists, and scientists, PHR investigates human rights abuses and works to stop them."		
 International Federation of Health Records Organizations	"The International Federation of Health Records (IFHRO) supports national associations and health record professionals to implement and improve health records and the systems, which support them. IFHRO was established in 1968 as a forum to bring together national organizations committed to improvement in the use of health records in their countries. The founding organizations recognized the need for an international organization to serve as a forum for the exchange of information relating to health records and information technology."		
 International Federation of Hospital Engineers	"The International Federation of Hospital Engineering (IFHE) is a non-profit, non-governmental body established in 1970 to enable national engineering professional organizations to join in a world-wide federation. The purpose of IFHE is to encourage and facilitate exchange of information and experience in the broad field of hospital and healthcare facility design, construction, engineering, commissioning, maintenance, and estate management."		
 International Federation of Medical Students Associations	"Since its foundation in 1951, IFMSA has existed as a forum for initiating and sharing ideas amongst medical students. Its purpose is to be a forum for medical students throughout the world to discuss topics related to health, education and medicine and to formulate policies from such discussions and to carry out appropriate activities and to act as a mechanism for medical students' professional and scientific exchange and projects."		
 International Federation of Sports Medicine	"The present International Federation of Sports Medicine (FIMS) is an international organisation comprised of national sports medicine associations that span all five continents. The aim of FIMS is to assist athletes in achieving optimal performance by maximising their genetic potential, health, nutrition, and high-quality medical care and training."		
 International Federation of Surgical Colleges	The International Federation of Surgical Colleges is the senior surgical organization the brings together all the principal established Colleges and Associations of surgeons throughout the world in a unified federation. The objective of the Federation is the improvement and maintenance of standards of surgery throughout the world.		
 International Federation of University Women	"IFUW is an international network linking women graduates from all cultures, all fields of study, all professions and all generations. IFUW is an international, non-profit organization of women graduates working to promote lifelong education, to improve the status of women and girls, and to enable women to effect positive change for a peaceful, sustainable future."		
 International Federation on Aging	"Informs, educates, and promotes policies and practice to improve the quality of life of older persons around the world."		
 International Freedom of Expression eXchange (IFEX)	"IFEX is made up of organisations whose members refuse to turn away when those who have the courage to insist upon their fundamental human right to free expression are censored, brutalized or killed. Comprised of 71 organisations, IFEX draws together a tremendously diverse and dedicated global community. As profound violations of the right to free expression continue around the globe, the International Freedom of Expression Exchange (IFEX) has emerged as a strong and growing force of opposition against these violations."		
 International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission (IGLHRC)	"The mission of the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission (IGLHRC) is to secure the full enjoyment of the human rights of all people and communities subject to discrimination or abuse on the basis of sexual orientation or expression, gender identity or expression, and/or HIV status. A US-based non-profit, non-governmental organization (NGO), IGLHRC effects this mission through advocacy, documentation, coalition building, public education, and technical assistance."		
 International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights	"The International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights (IHF) is an international, nongovernmental organization constituted by national Helsinki Committees and Cooperating Organizations in the participating States of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). The IHF seeks to promote compliance with the human rights provisions of the Helsinki Final Act and its follow-up documents, with international legal obligations undertaken in the Council of Europe (CoE) and the United Nations (UN), and with human rights norms promoted by the European Union (EU)."		
 International Human Rights Association of American Minorities	"The IHRAAM serves as an umbrella organization to facilitate and coordinate the efforts of individuals, minorities and community organizations to gain access to international law and its enforcement mechanisms."		
 International Human Rights Law Group	"GLOBAL RIGHTS is a human rights advocacy group that partners with local activists to challenge injustice and amplify new voices within the global discourse. With offices in countries around the world, we help local activists create just societies through proven strategies for effecting change."		
 International Immigrants Foundation	The mission of the International Immigrants Foundation is to help immigrant families and children achieve their aspirations for a better life in the United States as well as to promote positive intercultural relations and change negative perceptions. IIF also provides servicse like English and citizenship classes to immigrants.		
 International Indian Treaty Council (IITC)	"The International Indian Treaty Council (IITC) is an organization of Indigenous Peoples from North, Central, South America and the Pacific working for the Sovereignty and Self-Determination of Indigenous Peoples and the recognition and protection of Indigenous Rights, Traditional Cultures and Sacred Lands."		
 International Institute for Environment & Development	"IIED is an international policy research institute and non governmental body working for more sustainable and equitable global development. IIED acts as a catalyst, broker and facilitator and helps vulnerable groups find their voice and ensure their interests are heard in decision-making. Environmental sustainability is a core concern but not at the expense of people’s livelihoods."		
 International Institute for Sustainable Development	"Established in 1990, IISD is a Canadian-based not-for-profit organization with a diverse team of more than 150 people located in more than 30 countries. Through our dynamic portfolio of projects, we partner with more than 200 organizations throughout the world. As a policy research institute dedicated to effective communication of our findings, we engage decision-makers in government, business, NGOs and other sectors in the development and implementation of policies that are simultaneously beneficial to the global economy, the global environment and to social well-being."		
 International League for Human Rights	The International League for Human Rights has worked to keep human rights at the forefront of international affairs and to give meaning and effect to the human rights values enshrined in international human rights treaties and conventions. The League's special mission for 65 years has been defending individual human rights advocates who have risked their lives to promote the ideals of a just and civil society in their homelands.		
 International Lesbian and Gay Association	"The International Lesbian and Gay Association is a world-wide network of national and local groups dedicated to achieving equal rights for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgendered (LGBT) people everywhere."		
 International Life Sciences Institute	"Founded in 1978, the International Life Sciences Institute (ILSI) is a nonprofit, worldwide foundation that seeks to improve the well-being of the general public through the advancement of science. Its goal is to further the understanding of scientific issues relating to nutrition, food safety, toxicology, risk assessment, and the environment by bringing together scientists from academia, government, and industry."		
 International Medical Corps	"International Medical Corps is a global, humanitarian, nonprofit organization dedicated to saving lives and relieving suffering through health care training and relief and development programs. Established in 1984 by volunteer doctors and nurses, IMC is a private, voluntary, nonpolitical, nonsectarian organization. Its mission is to improve the quality of life through health interventions and related activities that build local capacity in underserved communities worldwide. By offering training and health care to local populations and medical assistance to people at highest risk, and with the flexibility to respond rapidly to emergency situations, IMC rehabilitates devastated health care systems and helps bring them back to self-reliance."		
 International Medical Informatics Association	"IMIA plays a major global role in the application of information science and technology in the fields of healthcare and research in medical, health and bio informatics. Its function is to move theory into practice by linking academic and research informaticians with care givers, consultants, vendors, and vendor-based researchers."		
 International Non Government Coalition Against Tobacco	"INGCAT is a coalition of the world’s leading lung, cancer and heart organisations who are united in commitment to reducing the economic, health and environmental impact of tobacco production. INGCAT’s main purpose is to help its members take effective action on tobacco, principally within the context of the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC). This includes providing information, help to find resources, technical assistance, training, opportunities to link with other members, and co-ordinated international campaigns."		
 International Office for Water	"The IOW is a non-profit-making association. Its objective is to gather public and private partners involved in water resources management and protection in France, Europe and in the world."		
 International Pediatric Association	"International Pediatric Association (IPA) was formed in Paris in 1910 by a group of European pediatricians who assembled for the First International Congress of Pediatrics in 1912. Its current mission is that pediatricians, working with other partners, will be leaders in promoting physical, mental, and social health for all children, and in realizing the highest standards of health for newborns, children, and adolescents in all countries of the world."		
 International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation	"Established in 1974, its membership includes both petroleum companies and associations at the national, regional or international levels.Separate working groups within IPIECA address global environmental issues related to the petroleum industry and oil spills."		
 International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War	IPPNW is the only international medical organization dedicated to preventing nuclear war and abolishing nuclear weapons. They recognize that the catastrophic health and environmental consequences of a nuclear war are at the extreme end of a continuum of armed violence that undermines health and security. IPPNW is committed to ending war and advancing understanding of the causes of armed conflict from a public health perspective.		
 International Planned Parenthood Federation	"The International Planned Parenthood Federation/Western Hemisphere Region (IPPF/WHR) was founded in 1954 with the goal of improving the health of women throughout the Americas. IPPF/WHR seeks to address the range of sexual and reproductive health issues that affect the integral health of women, men and adolescents. IPPF/WHR's work is grounded in the belief that access to quality, sexual and reproductive health information and services is a basic human right. and IPPF was formed in 1952 at the Third International Conference on Planned Parenthood in Bombay, India. IPPF is still leading a ‘brave and angry’ stance with regard to people’s right to access to good sexual and reproductive health care and services."		
 International Platform of Jurists for East Timor	"IPJET was created in 1991 by a group of jurists from many countries, worried with the apparent passivity of the international community regarding the Indonesian occupation of East Timor. This international organisation intends to support the rights of the people from that territory."		
 International Rescue Committee	"The International Rescue Committee is a critical global network of first responders, humanitarian relief workers, healthcare providers, educators, community leaders, activists, and volunteers. Working together, we provide access to safety, sanctuary, and sustainable change for millions of people whose lives have been shattered by violence and oppression."		
 International Research and Exchanges Board	"IREX is an international nonprofit organization providing leadership and innovative programs to improve the quality of education, strengthen independent media, and foster pluralistic civil society development. IREX and its partner IREX Europe deliver cross-cutting programs and consulting expertise in more than 50 countries."		
 International Rivers Network	"International Rivers Network protects rivers and defends the rights of communities that depend on them. IRN opposes destructive dams and the development model they advance, and encourages better ways of meeting people’s needs for water, energy and protection from damaging floods."		
 International Society for Biomedical Research on Alcoholism	ISBRA's mission is to promote excellence interantionally in all aspects of biomedical research on alcoholsim and alcohol related biomedical phenomena. ISBRA's purpose is to encourage and facilitate communication of ideas and new research among workers in the many convergent disciplines in our common field of biomedical research on alcoholism.		
 International Society for Burn Injuries	"The ISBI acknowledges the importance of all specialists in burn care and has admitted those professionals as members since its foundation. There are very few organizations like ISBI which bring together such a number of different specialists, including nurses, on the subject of burns. One of the main purposes and aims of the society is to disseminate knowledge and to stimulate prevention in the field of burns."		
 International Society for Environmental Epidemiology	"The International Society for Environmental Epidemiology (ISEE) provides a forum for the discussion of problems unique to the study of health and the environment. With membership open to environmental epidemiologists and other scientists worldwide, ISEE provides a variety of forums for discussions, critical reviews, collaborations and education on issues of environmental exposures and their human health effects. These include annual meetings, newsletters, workshops and liaisons with academic, governmental, inter-governmental, non-profit and business institutions."		
 International Society for Health and Human Rights	The aim of this web site is to bring health professionals closer to each other and represent a forum where information and useful experiences can be presented and shared. ISHHR has members in almost 50 countries worldwide. It hopes to contribute to strengthening the communication between professionals in this area and by emphasising the need for an active defense for human rights.		
 International Society for Human Rights	"ISHR bases its work on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Founded in 1972, ISHR acts according to the philosophy that the realization of human rights and the improvement of social conditions cannot be pursued by the use of force."		
 International Society for Preventive Oncology	"ISPO is a forum for the study of interactive etiologic factors in cancer development and their impact on prevent, detection, and management of neoplastic diseases. ISPO fosters primary prevention of cancer through identification and control of cancer causes, and identification of high risk individuals and secondary prevention through detection and management of occult cancer and precursor lesions."		
 International South Group Network	International South Group Network (ISGN) is a network of individuals with roots and active involvement in social movements and centers of research and learning.		
 International Training Centre on Human Rights and Peace Teaching (CIFEDHOP)	"The International Training Centre on Human Rights and Peace Teaching - CIFEDHOP was created in 1984 by the World Association for the School as an Instrument of Peace (EIP), an international non-governmental organisation with consultative status to the United Nations, UNESCO, ILO and the Council of Europe. The overall objective of CIFEDHOP is to train teachers from primary, secondary and vocational schools and teacher training colleges in human rights education."		
 International Water Association	"IWA helps water professionals create innovative, pragmatic, and sustainable solutions to challenging global water needs. IWA is at the forefront in connecting the broad community of water professionals around the globe."		
 International Water Management Institute	IWMI is a scientific research organization specializing in water use in agriculture and integrated management of water and land resources. IWMI works with partners in the South to develop tools and methods to help these countries eradicate poverty and ensure food security.		
 International Wildlife Coalition	"Founded in 1984, the Coalition is dedicated to public education, research, rescue, rehabilitation, litigation, legislation, and international treaty negotiations concerning global wildlife and natural habitat protection issues."		
 International Women's Health Coalition	"Founded in 1984, the IWHC is guided by the principle that global well-being and social and economic justice can only be achieved by ensuring women's rights. It provides financial and technical support to individuals and local organizations working on women's rights."		
 International Women's Rights Action Watch (IWRAW)	"The International Women's Rights Action Watch (IWRAW) was organized in 1985 at the World Conference on Women in Nairobi, Kenya, to promote recognition of women’s human rights under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (the CEDAW Convention), a basic international human rights treaty. IWRAW now is the primary international nongovernmental organization that facilitates use of international human rights treaties to promote women’s human rights and rights within families."		
 International Women's Tribune Centre	"The International Women's Tribune Centre (IWTC) is an international non-governmental organization established in l976 following the United Nations International Women's Year World Conference in Mexico City. With a commitment to empowering people and building communities, IWTC provides communication, information, education, and organizing support services to women's organizations and community groups working to improve the lives of women, particularly low-income women."		
 International Work Group for Indigenous Affairs	"IWGIA's overall mission is to endorse and promote indigenous peoples' right to self-determination, their cultural integrity and their right to development on their own conditions. In order to fulfil this mission, IWGIA works within a wide range of areas: documentation and publication, human rights, lobbying and advocacy, research and projects."		
 International Youth Foundation	"The International Youth Foundation (IYF) is working in close to 70 countries and territories to improve the conditions and prospects for young people where they live, learn, work, and play. Established in 1990 to bring worldwide resources to young people in need, IYF works with hundreds of companies, foundations, and civil society organizations to strengthen and ""scale up"" existing programs that are making a positive and lasting difference in young lives."		
 Intersos	"INTERSOS is an independent non-profit humanitarian organization committed to assist the victims of natural disasters and armed conflicts. INTERSOS' activities are based on the principles of solidarity, justice, human dignity, equality of rights and opportunities, and respect for diversity and coexistence, paying special attention to the most vulnerable and unprotected."		
 IRC International Water and Sanitation Centre	"Since its foundation in 1968, the IRC International Water and Sanitation Centre (IRC) has facilitated the sharing, promotion and use of knowledge so that governments, professionals and organisations can better support poor men, women and children in developing countries to obtain water and sanitation services they will use and maintain."		
 Isis International Manila	ISIS is a feminist NGO dedicated to women's information and communication needs. Isis believes women’s access and capacity to participate in generating and disseminating their own knowledge and experiences through various mediums of communication can lead to transformation of society.		
 ITeM-The Third World Institute	"The Third World Institute (ITeM) performs information, communication and education activities on an international level, concerning development and environment-related activities. It is a civil society organization, working for civil society, which encourages citizen involvement in global decision-making processes."		
 Iwokrama International Centre for Rain Forest Conservation and Dev	"Iwokrama's mission is to promote the conservation and the sustainable use of tropical rain forests in a manner that will lead to lasting ecological, economic and social benefits to the Guyana and the world in general, by undertaking research, training, and the development and dissemination of technologies."		
 Jamaica Conservation and Development Trust	"JCDT's mission is to promote sustainable development, through the implementation of effective programs in environmental management, education and advocacy."		
 Jane Goodall Institute	"The Jane Goodall Institute advances the power of individuals to take informed and compassionate action to improve the environment of all living things. Its goals are to improve natural habitat conservation, expand non-invasive research of chimpanzees and other primates, and promote activities that protect the habitats of primates."		
 Jeune Afrique	Jeune Afrique is an online news source on development in Africa.		
 Jewish Peace Fellowship	"The Jewish Peace Fellowship, founded in 1941 to defend the rights of conscientious objectors, has continuously fought for peace and justice."		
 Joy in Action	"JIA was established in August 2004 to root work camps in China and to found a work camp global network. JIA work camps focus on villages in China that have been affected by Hansen's Disease (HD), also known as leprosy. In partnership with the residents of these villages, campers work to improve villagers' spirits, as well as their living conditions and social standing. In the near future, JIA will also establish work camps dedicated to environmental conservation, the elderly, and the physically-challenged."		
 Judicial System Monitoring Program	JSMP was established in April 2001 to monitor the processes of the Ad Hoc Human Rights Tribunal in Indonesia and the Special Panels for Serious Crimes in Timor Leste. JSMP very quickly extended court monitoring and judicial system analysis to include the operations of Timor Leste’s District Courts. JSMP also undertakes legislative analysis.		
 Kenya Human Rights Commission	"The KHRC believes that for Kenya to become a human rights state, protection and promotion of human rights should include civil and political rights that are essential rudiments of political democracy and economic social and cultural rights, which are the critical building blocks for social democracy."		
 Kham Aid	The Kham Aid Foundation was founded in 1997 in Los Angeles by three friends who wanted to make a difference in Kham.  Its first undertaking was conservation of Tibet's architecture and art. Since then the Foundation has developed a broad range of assistance programs.		
 Kids With Cameras	"Kids with Cameras is a non-profit organization that teaches the art of photography to marginalized children in communities around the world. They use photography to capture the imaginations of children, to empower them, building confidence, self-esteem and hope. They share their vision and voices with the world through exhibitions, books, websites and film. They are committed to furthering their general education beyond photography either by linking with local organizations to provide scholarships or by developing our own schools with a focus on leadership and the arts."		
 Korean International Volunteer Organization	"Founded in 1988. Organization has been an aggressive volunteer in support of indigent and alienated people worldwide. KVO is interested in alleviating poverty and discrimination, and keeping peace through non-political activities. It operates field survey"		
 Kurdish Human Rights Project	"KHRP is committed to the protection of the human rights of all persons within the Kurdish regions, irrespective of race, religion, sex, political persuasion, or other belief or opinion. Its supporters include both Kurdish and non-Kurdish people."		
 Kyrgyz Committee for Human Rights	The KCHR works to secure human rights for Kyrgyz citizens. It monitors human rights abuses and advocates for more respect for human rights in the government.		
 Latin American Federation of Associations for Relatives of the Detained-Disappeared (FEDEFAM)	"The latin American Federation of Associations for Relatives of the Detained-Disappeared (FEDEFAM) is a nongovernmental organization formed by associations of relatives of the disappeared in countries of Latin America and the Caribbean which have or are currently practicing forced disappearance. FEDEFAM is a non-profit humanitarian organization, independent of all political or religious doctrines and institutions."		
 Lawyers Committee for Human Rights	"Human Rights First believes that building respect for human rights and the rule of law will help ensure the dignity to which every individual is entitled and will stem tyranny, extremism, intolerance, and violence. Human Rights First protects people at risk."		
 Lawyers for Human Rights (LHR)	"Lawyers for Human Rights is a non-governmental, non-profit organisation whose vision is to be a leading, effective human rights and constitutional watchdog and advocate, an international force in the development and delivery of human rights, with a primary focus in Africa, and and a primary contributor to clear strategic policy on the delivery of socio-economic rights for the disadvantaged."		
 League of Women Voters	"The League of Women Voters, a nonpartisan political organization, has fought since 1920 to improve our systems of government and impact public policies through citizen education and advocacy. The League is wholeheartedly political and works to influence policy through advocacy. It is the original grassroots citizen network, directed by the consensus of its members nationwide. The 900 state and local Leagues – comprising a vast grassroots lobby corps that can be mobilized when necessary."		
 Legal Assistance Centre (LAC)	"The LAC's main objective is to protect the human rights of all Namibians. It works in five broad areas: litigation, information and advice, education and training, research, law reform and advocacy."		
 Lifebridge Foundation	"The Lifebridge Foundation, Inc. was established in 1992 for the purpose of supporting organizations and individuals who, through cultural, educational, and/or scientific means, are creating bridges of understanding among all people by actions to realize the oneness of humanity and the interconnectedness of all life."		
 Liga de Defensa del Medio Ambiente	"Organization constituted of 27 environmental NGO's. Specialized in environmental issues, and do work through planning, education, and ecotourism."		
 Lions Club International	"Lions are an international network of 1.3 million men and women in 200 countries and geographic areas who work together to answer the needs that challenge communities around the world. Beginning in 1917, the association of Lions clubs has provided millions of people with the opportunity to give something back to their communities."		
 Lutheran World Service	"The Department for World Service (DWS) is the internationally recognized humanitarian and development agency of the Lutheran World Federation (LWF) working with marginalized and disadvantaged communities in the areas of greatest vulnerability and endemic need. In these efforts, DWS cooperates within global networks that include ecumenical, governmental and non-governmental partners."		
 MacArthur Foundation	"The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation is a private, independent grantmaking institution dedicated to helping groups and individuals foster lasting improvement in the human condition. Through the support it provides, the Foundation fosters the development of knowledge, nurtures individual creativity, strengthens institutions, helps improve public policy, and provides information to the public, primarily through support for public interest media."		
 MADRE	"MADRE is an international women's human rights organization that works in partnership with community-based women's organizations worldwide to address issues of health and reproductive rights, economic development, education, and other human rights. MADRE provides resources, training, and support to enable our sister organizations to meet concrete needs in their communities while working to shift the balance of power to promote long-term development and social justice."		
 Magic Hospital	"Magic Hospital fosters the well-being of sick, neglected, orphaned and abused children mainly by designing and implementing fun activities and interactive workshops to serve as support tools for the physical, psychological and emotional healing process. Established to rectify the lack of support programs for children's hospitals in China, Magic Hospital has embraced the opportunity to develop a pioneer program in China."		
 Magnus Hirschfeld Centre for Human Rights	"The Magnus Hirschfeld Centre for Human Rights is a non-governmental, non-profit,  voluntary organization founded by activist Bill Courson in 1986 and engaged in the promotion of human rights and civil liberties under  international law. Employing both its own resources and those of other human rights advocacy organizations, the Centre acts as or in conjunction with the legal representative of individuals and groups of individuals within the foregoing communities whose rights under international human rights law have been violated."		
 Make a Wish Foundation	"Since 1980, the Make-A-Wish Foundation® has enriched the lives of children with life-threatening medical conditions through its wish-granting work. The Foundation's mission reflects the life-changing impact that a Make-A-Wish® experience has on children, families, referral sources, donors, sponsors, and entire communities."		
 Manabadhikar Suraksha Mancha (MASUM)	Manabadhikar Suraksha Mancha (MASUM) took shape in 1998 to form a platform for the human rights activists based in Calcutta. The activists who were working for human rights (HR) movement with different organisations for more than a decade came together to create a new forum to strengthen the movement from different perspectives.		
 Management Systems International (MSI)	"Virtually all MSI assignments take place at the intersection of the firm's core expertise in management and its experience in specific substantive areas of application. This allows MSI to combine cutting edge methodological skills with a solid understanding of the programmatic issues of greatest concern to our clients.   Over the past 25 years, MSI has implemented more than a thousand projects in dozens of countries. In each of these efforts, they strive, as a firm and as individuals, to promote and embody an unflagging commitment to excellence, transparency, and personal responsibility."		
 MAP International	"A Christian organization, MAP International maintains an affirmed commitment to diversity and equal opportunity in the fulfillment of its global mission. MAP International promotes the total health of people living in the world's poorest communities."		
 March of Dimes	"March of Dimes is committed to improving the health of babies by preventing birth defects, premature borth, and infant mortality. They carry out this mission through research, community services, education and advocacy to save babies' lives. March of Dimes researchers, volunteers, educators, outreach workers and advocates work together to give all babies a fighting chance against the threats to their health: prematurity, birth defects, low birthweight."		
 Marie Stopes International	"Marie Stopes International (MSI) was established in London in 1976 and grew out of the organization originally set up by Dr. Marie Stopes in 1921. oday, the MSI Global Partnership provides sexual and reproductive health information and services to 4.8 million people worldwide in 38 countries across Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East."		
 Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF)	"Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is an international humanitarian aid organisation that provides emergency medical assistance to populations in danger in more than 70 countries. MSF works in rehabilitation of hospitals and dispensaries, vaccination programmes and water and sanitation projects. MSF also works in remote health care centres, slum areas and provides training of local personnel."		
" Mediterranean Information Office for Environment, Culture, and Sustainable Development"	"MIO-ECSDE became a Federation of Mediterranean NGOs in March 1996. The continuous expansion of MIO-ECSDE's Mediterranean NGO network and the increasing request for constructive and structured NGO opinions and representation in Mediterranean and international fora, led to the transformation of MIO-ECSDE to its current NGO Federation status with around 105 members from 24 countries."		
 Mental Disability Rights International (MDRI)	"Established in 1993, MDRI documents conditions, publishes reports on human rights enforcement, and promotes international oversight of the rights of people with mental disabilities. Drawing on the skills and experience of attorneys, mental health professionals, human rights advocates, people with mental disabilities and their family members, MDRI trains and supports advocates seeking legal and service system reform and assists governments to develop laws and policies to promote community integration and human rights enforcement for people with mental disabilities."		
 Mercy Corps	"Mercy Corps works amid disasters, conflicts, chronic poverty and instability to unleash the potential of people who can win against nearly impossible odds. Since 1979, Mercy Corps has provided $1.3 billion in assistance to people in 100 nations. Mercy Corps has learned that communities recovering from war or social upheaval must be the agents of their own transformation for change to endure. It's only when communities set their own agendas, raise their own resources and implement programs themselves, that their first successes result in the renewed hope, confidence and skills to continue development."		
 Middle East Children's Alliance (MECA)	"The Middle East Children's Alliance (MECA) is a nonprofit humanitarian aid organization founded in 1988 and based in Berkeley, California. Since 1988 MECA has sent millions of dollars in humanitarian aid to Palestine, Iraq and Lebanon. They support community projects for children in the West Bank and Gaza, such as schools, clinics, counseling centers, arts programs, sports teams and libraries."		
 MINBYUN - Lawyers for a Democratic Society	"In response to the socio-political changes and the growing participation of younger lawyers in the democratization movement, ‘Jeongbeophoe’ was dismantled and a more cohesive group, 'MINBYUN-Lawyers for a Democratic Society' was established on May 28, 1988."		
 Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights	"Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights is a non-governmental organization dedicated to the promotion and protection of internationally recognized human rights. With the help of the more than 600 active volunteers, Minnesota Advocates documents human rights abuses, advocates on behalf of individual victims, educates on human rights issues, and provides training and technical assistance to address and prevent human rights violations."		
 Minnesota International Health Volunteers	"MIHV is an international and domestic nonprofit health organization dedicated to improving the health of women, children and their communities around the world. MIHV has worked in community health for over 28 years. They have improved the health of and empowered communities through goat raising projects, immunization campaigns, community gardens, HIV/AIDS prevention, sanitation projects and training of community health care providers."		
 Minority Rights Group	"Minority Rights Group International (MRG) works to secure the rights of ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities and indigenous peoples worldwide, and to promote cooperation and understanding between communities."		
 MS Danish Association for International Cooperation	MS promotes globalisation by people and cooperation across national and cultural barriers - cooperation between people as both aim and means. We engage in partnerships with organisations fighting poverty and injustice. In the North we jointly challenge debates and decisions of vital importance for poor and marginalised people.		
 Namibia Institute for Democracy (NID)	"The Namibia Institute for Democracy (NID) was founded on December 6th, 1991 with the aim of educating Namibians in democracy. In the design and development of civic education programs to educate Namibians about the contents of the Namibian Constitution and the principles and practices of multi-party democracy, the NID consults with the Government, political parties, interest groups, the media, educational authorities, community-based and non-governmental organisations, the private sector and private citizens."		
 Namibia Nature Foundation	"The primary aims of the NNF are to promote sustainable development, the conservation of biological diversity and natural ecosystems, and the wise and ethical use of natural resources for the benefit of all Namibians, both present and future."		
 Namibian Economic Policy Research Unit	"NEPRU is an autonomous Namibian research institute that undertakes applied socio-economic, policy-related research for and on behalf of the Government, domestic and international institutions, as well as the private sector. It's mission is to support the Government of Namibia’s development goals by providing economic policy advice and conducting economic research building research capacity."		
 National Campaign on Dalit Human Rights (NCDHR)	NCDHR's works to improve the human rights situation of Dalits in India. It works to disseminate educational material and advocacy material to relevant parties and petition the UN for more attention to the situation of Dalits in the twenty-first century.		
 National Center for Nonprofit Boards	"BoardSource increases the effectiveness of nonprofit organizations by strengthening boards of directors through our highly acclaimed consulting practice, publications, tools, and membership program."		
 National Coalition for Haitian Rights (NCHR)	"NCHR’s Mission is to champion the rights of Haitians in the United States and Haiti. NCHR measures the response and performance of governments and international institutions that are charged with upholding the rule of law and protecting these rights. They respond accordingly, informing public opinion and mobilizing its force for or against government policies and initiatives."		
 National Coalition of Anti-Deportation Campaigns (NCADC)	"NCADC is a voluntary organisation, which provides practical help and advice to people facing deportation on how to launch and run anti-deportation campaigns. They provide objective and confidential advice on all pros and cons of campaigning work and if a group decides that campaigning is right, they can help with designing leaflets, organising campaign meetings, writing letters and petitions etc. NCADC also provides advice and assistance with the media and preparing press releases and they support public events organized by each campaign."		
 National Council for Liberties in Tunisia (CNLT)	CNLT works to promote the human rights of Tunisian citizens.		
 National Council of Women of Canada	"Its mission is to empower all women to work together towards improving the quality of life for women, families, and society through a forum of member organizations and individuals. There are local councils of women and study groups in 20 Canadian cities and Provincial councils of women in 5 Canadian provinces, along with 27 national organizations affiliated with NCWC."		
 National Ground Water Association	"NGWA's mission is to enhance the skills and credibility of all ground water professionals, develop and exchange industry knowledge and promote the ground water industry and understanding of ground water resources. A nonprofit organization, NGWA is comprised of more than 14,000 U.S. and international ground water professionals."		
 National Indian Child Welfare Association	"NICWA is dedicated to the well-being of all American Indian children and families. Since its founding, the National Indian Child Welfare Association (NICWA) has served hundreds of American Indian tribes throughout the country by helping to strengthen and enhance their capacity to deliver quality child welfare services."		
 National Lawyers Guild	"The National Lawyers Guild is an association dedicated to the need for basic change in the structure of the US political and economic system. They seek to unite the lawyers, law students, legal workers and jailhouse lawyers of America in an organization that shall function as an effective political and social force in the service of the people, to the end that human rights shall be regarded as more sacred than property interests."		
 National Native American AIDS Prevention Center	"The NNAAPC's mission is to address the impact of HIV/AIDS on American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians through culturally appropriate advocacy, research, education, and policy development in support of healthy Indigenous people."		
 National Network for Immigrant and Refugee Rights	"The National Network for Immigrant and Refugee Rights (NNIRR) is a national organization composed of local coalitions and immigrant, refugee, community, religious, civil rights and labor organizations and activists. It serves as a forum to share information and analysis, to educate communities and the general public, and to develop and coordinate plans of action on important immigrant and refugee issues."		
 National Organization for Women (NOW)	"NOW is the largest, most comprehensive feminist advocacy group in the United States. Our purpose is to take action to bring women into full participation in society — sharing equal rights, responsibilities and opportunities with men, while living free from discrimination. NOW stands against all oppression, recognizing that racism, sexism and homophobia are interrelated, that other forms of oppression such as classism and ableism work together with these three to keep power and privilege concentrated in the hands of a few."		
 National Preservation Institute	"The National Preservation Institute (NPI) is a nonprofit organization offering specialized information, continuing education, and professional training to those involved in the management, preservation, and stewardship of our cultural heritage. Founded in 1980 as a nonprofit organization, NPI offers seminars in historic preservation and cultural resource management. NPI is proud to serve a broad spectrum of professionals from both the government and private sectors by providing preservation information, knowledge, and skills to train and guide the stewards of this nation’s historic and cultural places."		
 National Wildlife Federation	"The NWF is the nation's largest member-supported conservation group, uniting individuals, organizations, businesses and government to protect wildlife, wild places and the environment."		
 Native American Rights Fund	"The Native American Rights Fund (NARF) is a non-profit organization that provides legal representation and technical assistance to Indian tribes, organizations and individuals nationwide - a constituency that often lacks access to the justice system. NARF focuses on applying existing laws and treaties to guarantee that national and state governments live up to their legal obligations."		
 Natural Resources Defense Council	"NRDC is the nation's most effective environmental action organization. They use law, science and the support of 1.2 million members and online activists to protect the planet's wildlife and wild places and to ensure a safe and healthy environment for all living things."		
 Nature Conservancy	"The Nature Conservancy's mission is to preserve the plants, animals and natural communities that represent the diversity of life on Earth by protecting the lands and waters they need to survive. They have developed a strategic, science-based planning process, called Conservation by Design, which helps them identify the highest-priority places—landscapes and seascapes that, if conserved, promise to ensure biodiversity over the long term."		
 NEREO - Preservador del Medi Ambiente	"Founded in 1990, its purpose preserve and study the environment."		
 NetAid	"NetAid educates, inspires and empowers new generations of young people to fight global poverty throughout their lives. They are creating a movement of informed youth—tomorrow's leaders and voters—who understand the root causes of global poverty and are committed to ending it. NetAid's innovative programs educate young people about global poverty and international development, and provide opportunities for them to take concrete actions that make a difference in the lives of the world's poor."		
 Netherlands Interdisciplinary Demographic Institute	"NIDI is the national demographic institute of the Netherlands. Founded in 1970 as a joint initiative of Dutch universities, it gained an independent status in 1987. Working 'at the heart of science', the Academy's mission is to promote scientific research in the Netherlands. NIDI's mission is to provide more insight into demographic developments and related social and policy issues in a national and international context."		
 Network for Education and Academic Rights	"The Network for Education and Academic Rights (NEAR) is a membership-based, non-governmental organisation which facilitates international collaboration between organisations active in issues of academic freedom and educational rights, and committed to promoting an understanding of, and respect for, the values enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. NEAR receives reports of academic rights violations from its member organisations and credible media sources which are posted as alerts on the NEAR website."		
 Network of East-West Women (NEWW) Poland	"Founded in 1991 NEWW is an international communication and resource network supporting dialogue, informational exchange, and activism among those concerned about the status of women in Central and Eastern Europe, the Newly Independent States, and the Russian Federation. NEWW coordinates research and advocacy that supports women's equality and full participation in all aspects of public and private life."		
 Network of Foundations and Nonprofit Organizations	"Their mission is to build up a public information platform for Chinese NPOs, to serve the capacity-building of Chinese NPOs, and to promote accountability of NPOs through information dissemination."		
 New Israel Fund	"Founded in 1979, the New Israel Fund advances civil rights and social justice for all Israelis, and believes the only secure Israel is a just Israel. An international partnership of Israelis, Americans, Canadians and Europeans, NIF pioneered the funding of Israel's social change organizations and advocacy groups, and is widely credited with transforming the social justice and human rights communities in Israel. Since 1979, NIF has granted more than $200 million to 800 national and community-based Israeli organizations."		
 NGO Network on the Question of Palestine	This site is a large database of websites for Palestinian organizations working in over 20 fields of service.		
 Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission	"The Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission is an independent, statutory body set up in 1999. Its role is to promote awareness of the importance of human rights in Northern Ireland, to review existing law and practice and to advise government on what steps need to be taken to fully protect human rights in Northern Ireland."		
 Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC)	"NRC provides humanitarian assistance to refugees, internally displaced persons (IDPs) and returnees. Our programme activities are concentrated on five core activities: building homes and schools, distribution of food and non-food relief items, information, counselling and legal assistance, camp management, and and education."		
 Nuclear Age Peace Foundation	"The Nuclear Age Peace Foundation initiates and supports worldwide efforts to abolish nuclear weapons, to strengthen international law and institutions, and to inspire and empower a new generation of peace leaders. Founded in 1982, the Foundation is comprised of individuals and organizations worldwide who realize the imperative for peace in the Nuclear Age. The Nuclear Age Peace Foundation is a non-profit, non-partisan international education and advocacy organization."		
 Nuevos Derechos del Hombre	"The NDH is a non-governmental, Argentinian organization promoting protection of human rights around the world."		
 oneworld	"OneWorld is a global information network developed to support communication media of the people, by the people and for the people — everywhere. Its goal is to help build a more just, global society, through its partnership community. The OneWorld network is driven by the people and organizations it supports — people write the news, provide the video clips and the radio stories. Through this network, individuals have access to information previously unavailable to them — information that can broaden their world view and enable them to make better decisions."		
 Operation Smile	Operation Smile volunteers repair childhood facial deformities while building public and private partnerships that advocate for sustainable healthcare for children and families. Operation Smile coordinates more than 30 Medical Mission sites in 25 countries annually.		
 Operation USA	Operation USA is one of the world’s most cutting edge relief and development organizations. It is our core mission to provide material assistance to those in dire need. We also play a significant role in advocating publicly for change both in the way relief and development assistance is given and in highlighting which institutions and agencies are doing both great work and which ones are in need of reform or condemnation.		
 Organisation of Women's Freedom in Iraq (OWFI)	"Independent Women’s organization (IWO) was formed in 1992 in North of Iraq with the efforts of volunteering individuals. Since then, women sheltering services began to be provided. These include armed protection, safe dwelling and legal services. IWO has proved to be the only organization to fully adopt a comprehensive campaign of advocating Iraqi women’s rights and for that had gained the support of local radical movements."		
 Organization for Defending Victims of Violence	"The Organization for Defending Victims of Violence (ODVV) is a non-governmental, non-profit, non-partisan organization in Special Consultative Status to the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations (ECOSOC). The ODVV was established in 1988 in Tehran and has been active in the field of human rights and humanitarian activities."		
 Overseas Development Institute	"ODI is Britain's leading independent think tank on international development and humanitarian issues. Their mission is to inspire and inform policy and practice which lead to the reduction of poverty, the alleviation of suffering and the achievement of sustainable livelihoods in developing countries."		
 Oxfam	"Oxfam International is a confederation of 13 organizations working together with over 3,000 partners in more than 100 countries to find lasting solutions to poverty, suffering and injustice. Oxfam International seeks increased worldwide public understanding that economic and social justice are crucial to sustainable development."		
 Pacific Environment	"Pacific Environment protects the living environment of the Pacific Rim by promoting grassroots activism, strengthening communities and reforming international policies. They do this by supporting local environmental organizations, holding banks and businesses on the Pacific Rim accountable, promoting best practices and building a global movement."		
 Pacific Institute For Women's Health (PIWH)	"The Pacific Institute for Women's Health (PIWH) was founded in 1993, by a group of feminist researchers and public health experts who were dedicated to addressing a wide range of pressing health and rights issues affecting women and girls around the world. The mission of the Pacific Institute for Women's Health is to increase the ability of women and young people to make informed decisions about and control their sexuality and reproduction. Because we believe that individual and social power are essential to achieving health and social justice for all, our work is focused on addressing the intersection of power, sexuality and health."		
 Pact	"Pact’s mission is to build empowered communities, effective governments and responsible private institutions that give people an opportunity for a better life. They do this by strengthening the capacity of organizations and institutions to be good service providers, represent their stakeholders, network with others for learning and knowledge sharing, and advocate for social, economic and environmental justice. Interdependence, responsible stewardship, inclusion of vulnerable groups, and respect for local ownership and knowledge are core values across all of their programs."		
 Palestinian Centre for Human Rights	"The Centre is an independent Palestinian human rights organization based in Gaza City. The work of the Centre is conducted through documentation and investigation of human rights violations, provision of legal aid and counseling for both individuals and groups, and preparation of research articles relevant to such issues as the human rights situation and the rule of law. The Centre also provides comments on Palestinian Draft Laws and urges the adoption of legislation that incorporates international human rights standards and basic democratic principles."		
 Palestinian Human Rights Monitoring Group (PHRMG)	"The Palestinian Human Rights Monitoring Group (PHRMG) was founded in December 1996 in response to the deteriorating state of democracy and human rights under the newly established Palestinian Authority. The PHRMG documents human rights violations committed against Palestinians in the West Bank, Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem, regardless of who is responsible. The projects include monitoring unit, freedom of expression and democracy center, settlers watch hotline and a legal unit."		
 Pan Pacific and Southeast Asia Women's Association International	"PPSEAWA's objectives are to strengthen the bonds of peace by fostering friendship and better understanding among women in all areas of the Pacific and Southeast Asia, to promote cooperation among women of these regions for the study and improvement of social, economic, and cultural conditions. PPSEAWA is the only international women's organization devoted to peace and understanding in the Pacific and South East Asia. PPSEAWA comprises nineteen autonomous national member organizations, many having several local chapters."		
 Panamerican-Panafrican Association	"The Panamerican-Panafrican Association programs are designed to promote, encourage and foster better understanding and good will among and between peoples of the United States, the Americas, Africa, Asia and the Middle East through the interchange of ideas and persons. The Panamerican-Panafrican Association, Inc. has been committed to advance international understanding through the implementation of demonstration projects, ongoing cultural, economic and educational initiatives which call for broad application of the universal language of the arts and humanities, trade, and the sciences."		
 Panos Institute	"The Panos Institute Caribbean is a regional organization that works to strengthen civil society by helping journalists to cover sustainable development issues that are overlooked and misunderstood, in particular those whose impact transcends national boundaries. Panos coordinates seminars and production of print, broadcast and electronic materials on themes such as child rights, HIV/AIDS, environmental degradation, gender issues and community solutions to development challenges. Panos undertakes these activities in partnerships with local and regional associations, journalists and NGOs."		
 Partner's In Health	"PIH's mission is both medical and moral. It is based on solidarity, rather than charity alone. When a person in Peru, or Siberia, or rural Haiti falls ill, PIH uses all of the means at their disposal to make them well—from pressuring drug manufacturers, to lobbying policy makers, to providing medical care and social services. Partners In Health’s success has helped prove that allegedly “untreatable” health problems can be addressed effectively, even in poor settings."		
 Pathfinder International	"Pathfinder International believes that reproductive health is a basic human right. Pathfinder International provides women, men, and adolescents throughout the developing world with access to quality family planning and reproductive health information and services. Pathfinder works to halt the spread of HIV/AIDS, to provide care to women suffering from the complications of unsafe abortion, and to advocate for sound reproductive health policies in the U.S. and abroad."		
 Pathways to Peace	"Pathways To Peace (PTP) is an international PeaceBuilding, Educational and Consulting organization. The mission of Pathways To Peace is accomplished through its projects and consulting services."		
 PBI: Organizations in Guatemala	"This is a list of Guatemalan organizations, with a brief description of each and links to further information. It is presented by Peace Brigades International (PBI), an organization offering unarmed international protective accompaniment to individuals, organizations, and communities threatened with violence and human rights abuses."		
 PCI-Media Impact	"PCI-Media Impact employs creative media to improve health, promote human rights and foster social change globally. Their entertaining programs carry research-based and culturally sensitive messages that catalyze measurable personal and community action. Working with the most experienced local partners and technical and production consultants, the radio and TV shows they produce combine the power of storytelling with the reach of broadcast media."		
 Peace Brigades International (PBI)	"Peace Brigades International (PBI) is a non-governmental organization (NGO) which protects human rights and promotes nonviolent transformation of conflicts. When invited, they send teams of volunteers into areas of repression and conflict. The volunteers accompany human rights defenders, their organizations and others threatened by political violence."		
 Peace Corps	"The National Peace Corps Association is the non-profit organization of returned Peace Corps volunteers, former staff and friends committed to fostering peace through service, education and advocacy."		
 PEN America	"PEN American Center is the largest of the 141 centers of International PEN, the world’s oldest human rights organization and the oldest international literary organization. PEN American Center, founded in 1922, works to advance literature, to defend free expression, and to foster international literary fellowship. The Center has a membership of 2,900 distinguished writers, editors, and translators."		
 People and Planet	"peopleandplanet.net provides a global review and internet gateway into the issues of population, poverty, health, consumption and the environment. It is published by Planet 21, an independent non-profit company and a registered British charity recognised by the United Nations."		
 People to People International	"The purpose of People to People International (PTPI) is to enhance international understanding and friendship through educational, cultural and humanitarian activities involving the exchange of ideas and experiences directly among peoples of different countries and diverse cultures. People to People International is dedicated to enhancing cross-cultural communication within each community, and across communities and nations."		
 People's Union for Civil Liberties	"Veteren leader Jaya Prakash Narayan (JP) founded the People's Union for Civil Liberties and Democratic Rights (PUCLDR), in 1976. The idea was to make the PUCLDR. An organisation free from political ideologies, so that people belonging to various political parties may come together on one platform for the defence of Civil Liberties and Human Rights."		
 Peruvian Institute for Education in Human Rights and Peace (IPEDEHP)	"The Peruvian Institute for Education in Human Rights and Peace (IPEDEHP) is a non profit organization established in 1985. They work in the field of education: (a) within the school and (b) with community leaders to train them as promoters of human rights, democracy and citizen participation. Their principal sector of work is their work with teachers at the pre-primary, primary, and secondary level as well as in the formation of teachers at teacher training colleges."		
 Physicians for Global Survival (PGS)	"Physicians for Global Survival (PGS) is a physician-led organization which, out of concern for global health, is committed to the abolition of nuclear weapons, the prevention of war, the promotion of non-violent means of conflict resolution and social justice in a sustainable world. PGS was founded in 1980. PGS, often in cooperation with other organizations, uses its health expertise as the basis for education campaigns directed to the public and governments to promote policies that will create a healthier, safer and more sustainable world."		
 Physicians for Human Rights	"Physicians for Human Rights mobilizes health professionals to advance health, dignity, and justice and promotes the right to health for all. Harnessing the specialized skills, rigor, and passion of doctors, nurses, public health specialists, and scientists, PHR investigates human rights abuses and works to stop them."		
 Physicians for Human Rights - Israel (PHR - Israel)	"Physicians For Human Rights-Israel was founded in 1988 with the goal of struggling for human rights, in particular the right to health, in Israel and the Occupied Territories. Their activities integrate advocacy and action toward changing harmful policies and direct action providing healthcare. Today Physicians for Human Rights-Israel has more than 1150 members, over half of whom are healthcare providers."		
 Physicians for Human Rights - United Kingdom (PHR - UK)	"Founded in 1989, Physicians for Human Rights (UK) is an independent organisation of doctors and health professionals, whose aim it is to direct the influence and special skills of the medical profession towards the defence of human rights throughout the world."		
 Physicians for Social Responsibility	"Physicians for Social Responsibility is a non-profit advocacy organization that is the medical and public health voice for policies to stop nuclear war and proliferation and to slow, stop and reverse global warming and toxic degradation of the environment. PSR’s 32,400 medical and health professionals and concerned citizen members, 31 PSR chapters, and over 60 Student PSR chapters at medical and public health schools form a unique nationwide network committed to a safe and healthy world."		
 Plan USA	"Plan was founded in 1937 by British journalist John Langdon-Davies and refugee worker Eric Muggeridge. Today, Plan works in 49 developing countries and is one of the world's largest development organizations. Child sponsorship is the foundation of their organization. They have about one million sponsors in 17 donor countries helping over one million children all over the world, together with their families and communities. Plan works at the grassroots level with the active participation of children, their families and their communities."		
 Planet Aid	"Planet Aid is a non-profit organization dedicated to protecting the environment and creating sustainable development in Africa and Asia. They collect and recycle used clothing and shoes in 19 states in the USA. Items donated to Planet Aid are resold and proceeds are used to support education, community development and HIV/AIDS programs in Africa and Asia. They partner with individuals, schools, organizations, companies and government agencies to inform about and contribute to community based development."		
 Polaris Project	"Polaris Project is a leading international organization combating human trafficking and modern-day slavery. Based in the United States and Japan, they bring together community members, survivors, and professionals to fight trafficking and slavery in the spirit of a modern-day Underground Railroad."		
 Population Action International	"Population Action International (PAI) is an independent policy advocacy group working to strengthen political and financial support worldwide for population programs grounded in individual rights. Population Action International works to improve individual well-being and preserve global resources by mobilizing political and financial support for population, family planning and reproductive health policies and programs."		
 Population Council	"The Population Council, an international, nonprofit, nongovernmental organization, seeks to improve the well-being and reproductive health of current and future generations around the world and to help achieve a humane, equitable, and sustainable balance between people and resources. Population Council is an international, nonprofit, nongovernmental organization that conducts biomedical, social science, and public health research."		
 Population Media Center	"PMC strives to improve the health and well being of people around the world through the use of entertainment-education strategies, like serialized dramas on radio and television, in which characters evolve into role models for the audience for positive behavior change. Their mission is to collaborate with the mass media and other organizations worldwide to (1) bring about stabilization of human population numbers at a level that can be sustained by the world's natural resources and to (2) lessen the harmful impact of humanity on the earth's environment."		
 Population Reference Bureau	"The Population Reference Bureau informs people around the world about population, health, and the environment, and empowers them to use that information to advance the well-being of current and future generations. They focus their work around four ""core themes"": Reproductive Health and Fertility, Children and Families, Population and the Environment, and and Population Futures—Aging, Inequality and Poverty, Migration and Urbanization, and Gender. They also emphasize two Strategic Approaches: Building Coalitions and Mobilizing Civil Society."		
 Population Services International	PSI harnesses the vitality of the private sector to address the health problems of low-income and vulnerable populations in more than 60 developing countries.		
 Population Services International (PSI)	"PSI is a nonprofit organization based in Washington, D.C. that harnesses the vitality of the private sector to address the health problems of low-income and vulnerable populations in more than 60 developing countries. With programs in malaria, reproductive health, child survival and HIV, PSI promotes products, services and healthy behavior that enable low-income and vulnerable people to lead healthier lives. Products and services are sold at subsidized prices rather than given away in order to motivate commercial sector involvement."		
 Presbyterian Hunger Program	"The Presbyterian Hunger Program (PHP) provides grants to programs addressing hunger and its causes in the United States and around the world. To achieve our mission PHP also implements special educational, mission and action programs and campaigns."		
 Preserve and Protect	Preserve and Protect is a not-for-profit corporation providing space on the World Wide Web for Historic Preservation and Environmental Protection Organizations		
 Privacy International	"Privacy International (PI) is a human rights group formed in 1990 as a watchdog on surveillance and privacy invasions by governments and corporations. PI is based in London, England, and has an office in Washington, D.C. PI has conducted campaigns and research throughout the world on issues ranging from wiretapping and national security, to ID cards, video surveillance, data matching, medical privacy, and freedom of information and expression."		
 Prodder	PRODDER was established in 1987 as the most comprehensive development publication of its kind in Africa and became a much sought-after reference tool on Southern African development.  It was previously compiled and produced by the Human Sciences Research Council (HSRC) in book and was available in this format until 2001.  SANGONeT has since acquired the rights to the directory.		
 Program for Appropriate Technology in Health (PATH)	"PATH is an international, nonprofit organization that creates sustainable, culturally relevant solutions, enabling communities worldwide to break longstanding cycles of poor health. By collaborating with diverse public- and private-sector partners, they help provide appropriate health technologies and vital strategies that change the way people think and act."		
 Programme for Nutrition and Eye Care (Uganda)	"PRONEC was created in December 2013 and has accomplished a rigorous process to become a registered Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) in Uganda. The initiative to start PRONEC rose out of the gap for lack of optical, dental, nutritional services in the health facilities of surrounding areas and communities. Private clinics were and are still too expensive for ordinary people to afford. Eye care, dental services, and nutrition education are not addressed as a priority in the formal health settings provided for the public such as hospitals and government clinics."		
 Project HOPE (Health Opportunites for People Everywhere)	Project HOPE is dedicated to achieving sustainable advances in health care around the world by implementing health education programs and providing humanitarian assistance in areas of need. Project HOPE is unique among international organizations in that they have always worked across the health spectrum in a wide variety of settings – from the family and community levels to the tertiary care level – training traditional birth attendants and community health volunteers where resources are limited and cardiac surgeons and biomedical engineers where technology is appropriate.		
 Project Preparation Trust of KwaZulu-Natal	"PPT is an independent public interest organization that specializes in the preparation of projects for historically disadvantaged communities and special needs groups. PPT's core function remains that of preparing projects and mobilizing capital and other resources for disadvantaged communities. In many instances the projects with which PPT is involved are innovative pilots, which test improved development solutions and approaches PPT takes a holistic and integrated approach ensuring the involvement of a range of complementary government departments, funders and support agents."		
 Pronatura - Swiss League for the protection of nature	"Founded in 1909, it is the largest conservation organization in Switzerland. It has 100.000 members and 45.000 donors. Pro Natura was founded to create the only Swiss National Park in 1914, and has since helped to establish half of all protected areas in Switzerland."		
 Propoor	"Established in 1998, ProPoor is committed to the dissemination of information and promotion of sustainable development initiatives, in response to the needs of under represented and marginalized sectors of society in the South Asia. ProPoor has developed a comprehensive Internet portal containing information about South Asian non-governmental organizations, funding agencies, events, projects, jobs opportunities in social development, success stories of individuals as well as organizations, and other relevant links."		
 PROSHIKA	"Founded in 1975, PROSHIKA's mission is to conduct an extensive, intensive, and participatory process of sustainable development through empowering of the poor. PROSHIKA achieves its objectives through a broad range of programs in education and training leading to income and employment generation, health education, building of health infrastructure, and environmental protection and regeneration. The programs are supported by research activities and advocacy campaigns which increasingly call for cooperation with like-minded development partners at the national and international levels."		
 PROUT	"PROUT is an acronym for PROgressive Utilization Theory, a socio-economic philosophy that synthesizes the physical, mental and spiritual dimensions of human nature. The goal of PROUT is to provide guidance for the evolution of a truly progressive human society. PROUT is an alternative to capitalist and communist socio-economic paradigms. Combining the wisdom of spirituality with a universal outlook and the struggle for self-reliance, PROUTist thinkers and activists are creating a new civilizational discourse and planting the seeds for a new way of living."		
 Public Committee Against Torture in Israel	"n September 1999, in response to PCATI's petition, nine justices of the High Court ruled to absolutely prohibit the use of torture during interrogation. The Public Committee Against Torture in Israel, an independent human rights organization founded in 1990, monitors the implementation of this ruling in detention centers and continues the struggle against the use of torture in interrogation in Israel and the Palestinian Authority through legal means, support of relevant legislation and through an information campaign aimed at raising public awareness of the subject."		
 Public Services International	"PSI is the global union federation for public sector trade unions. PSI represents some 650 affiliated trade unions in 150 countries. Together, these unions organize more than 20 million public sector workers, providing services in central government, health and social care, municipal and commnity services and public utilities."		
 Rabbis for Human Rights - North America	"Rabbis for Human Rights (RHR) is an organization of Israeli rabbis committed to defending the human rights of all people in Israel and in the territories under Israeli control: Israelis and Palestinians, Muslims, Christians, and Jews, young and old, rich and poor, citizens and foreigners. Rabbis for Human Rights - North America was founded in 2002 by a group of American rabbis inspired by the work of RHR in Israel. RHR-North America is a rabbinic organization dedicated to education, advocacy, prayer, and action in support of human rights."		
 RAINBOW	"Rainbo was started in 1994 by a group of African immigrants in USA in order to impact on U.S. private and government funding in Africa and the United Nations. Rainbo is an African led international non-governmental organisation working on issues of women's empowerment, gender, reproductive health, sexual autonomy and freedom from violence as central components of the African development agenda."		
 Rainforest Action Network	"Rainforest Action Network (RAN) is made up of 36 staff members in San Francisco, CA and in Tokyo, Japan, plus thousands of volunteer scientists, teachers, parents, students and other concerned citizens around the world. RAN uses hard-hitting markets campaigns to align the policies of multinational corporations with widespread public support for environmental protection. Their corporate campaigns seek to push companies to balance profits with principles, to show that it is possible to do well by doing good."		
 Rainforest Alliance	"The Rainforest Alliance works to conserve biodiversity and ensure sustainable livelihoods by transforming land-use practices, business practices and consumer behavior. Companies, cooperatives and landowners that participate in our programs meet rigorous standards that conserve biodiversity and provide sustainable livelihoods. By creatively and systematically helping to overhaul the way that crops and timber are produced and the way tourism is managed, the Rainforest Alliance, its partners and the consumers they serve are ensuring that the sustainability of resources."		
 RAND's Labor and Population Program	"Initially, RAND focused on issues of national security. RAND has expanded its intellectual reserves to offer insight into other areas, such as business, education health, law, and science. RAND's innovative approach to problem solving has become the benchmark for all other ""think tanks"" that followed. Much of this research is carried out on behalf of public and private grantors and clients."		
 REDRESS	"REDRESS was formed in the early 1990s to fill the need of torture victims for redress. Its objectives are obtaining reparation for victims of torture and, when appropriate, their families, anywhere in the world and making accountable all those who perpetrate, aid and abet acts of torture."		
 Refugee Law Project	"The Refugee Law Project (RLP) was established in November 1999 as an autonomous project within the Faculty of Law of Makerere University in Uganda, with the aim of protecting and promoting refugees' rights. Since then, they have grown rapidly and become an important resource for refugees and asylum seekers in Uganda. They seek to combine this direct service provision with research and advocacy as well as with education and training of other stakeholders."		
 Refugees International	"Refugees International generates lifesaving humanitarian assistance and protection for displaced people around the world and works to end the conditions that create displacement. The characteristics of their effective and efficient organization are independence, flexibility, and the cutting-edge quality of our advocacy. They take an uncompromising rights-based approach to advocacy on behalf of refugees and displaced persons."		
 Relief International	"Relief International, (RI) is a humanitarian non-profit agency that provides emergency relief, rehabilitation, development assistance, and program services to vulnerable communities worldwide. RI is solely dedicated to reducing human suffering and is non-political and non-sectarian in its mission."		
 ReliefWeb	"ReliefWeb is the world’s leading on-line gateway to information (documents and maps) on humanitarian emergencies and disasters. An independent vehicle of information, designed specifically to assist the international humanitarian community in effective delivery of emergency assistance, it provides timely, reliable and relevant information as events unfold, while emphasizing the coverage of ""forgotten emergencies"" at the same time. ReliefWeb was launched in October 1996 and is administered by the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA)."		
" Rene Dubos Center for Human Environments, Inc"	"The Rene Dubos Center for Human Environments, Inc. is a non-profit education and research organization focused on the social and humanistic aspects of environmental problems.  The practical purpose of the Center is to help the general public and decision-makers formulate creative policies for the resolution of environmental problems and formulate new environmental values. Many environmental organizations focus their activities on preservation, especially of the environment, whereas the Center believes that humankind can exist only by transforming and managing the environment."		
 Reporters sans Frontieres	"Reporters Without Borders defends journalists and media assistants imprisoned or persecuted for doing their job and exposes the mistreatment and torture of them in many countries, fights against censorship and laws that undermine press freedom, helps finance legal aid for imprisoned journalists, and works to improve the safety of journalists, especially those reporting in war zones."		
 Research!America	"Research America is the nation's largest nonprofit public education and advocacy alliance working to make research to improve health a higher national priority. They lead the movement for strong, increased investment in the National Institutes of Health and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. We are also committed to growth in the research investment of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Science Foundation."		
 ResourceAfrica	"ResourceAfrica upholds an African perspective on natural resource management and conservation. Our approach to conservation and development prioritises community involvement and empowerment. ResourceAfrica is an Not-For-Profit organization that works with a range of global and African partners to encourage and deliver new models of natural resource management, based on community participation in which the values of transparency, equity and respect for local people, their needs and customs, are uppermost."		
 Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan (RAWA)	"RAWA, the Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan, was established in Kabul, Afghanistan, in 1977 as an independent political/social organization of Afghan women fighting for human rights and for social justice in Afghanistan. Since the overthrow of the Soviet-installed puppet regime in 1992 the focus of RAWA’s political struggle has been against the fundamentalists’ and the ultra-fundamentalist Taliban’s criminal policies and atrocities against the people of Afghanistan in general and their incredibly ultra-male-chauvinistic and anti-woman orientation in particular."		
 Rights and Accountability in Development (RAID)	"Founded in 1997, RAID's mission is to promote a rights-based approach to development. RAID works to advance corporate accountability, fair investment and good governance to ensure the human rights of people living in poverty are respected by the private sector, international financial institutions and governments."		
 Rights International	"Rights International was established in 1994 by human rights lawyers and international policy analysts in response to the increasing power of international human rights tribunals and their parent organizations. Rights International sues foreign governments before international tribunals on behalf of people throughout the world whose human rights have been violated by their governments. We litigate cases addressing a variety of human rights issues, including torture, censorship, police abuse, ""disappearances,"" and racial/gender/religious discrimination."		
 Rios Vivos	"Currently Rios Vivos is an organization concerned with broader issues, either regarding the issues or the members involved on the tasks. Rios Vivos supports not only issues related to the Prata River Basin but, also, acts and articulate in the Amazonian Basin in Brazilian and Bolivian territory. The Coalition has several members from Latin American countries and is a reference for civil society."		
 Robert Wood Johnson Foundation	"The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation seeks to improve the health and health care of all Americans. To achieve the most impact with our funds, we prioritize our grants into four goal areas: access to healthcare, promotion of healthy lifestyles, prevention of substance abuse and improvements in care for chronic conditions."		
 Romania Development Gateway	This is a web portal for over 6400 development organizations within Romania.		
 Rotary International	"Rotary is a worldwide organization of business and professional leaders that provides humanitarian service, encourages high ethical standards in all vocations, and helps build goodwill and peace in the world. Approximately 1.2 million Rotarians belong to more than 32,000 clubs in more than 200 countries and geographical areas."		
 Sacred Land Film Project	"Earth Island Institute’s Sacred Land Film Project produces a variety of media and educational materials to deepen public understanding of sacred places, indigenous cultures and environmental justice. Their mission is to use journalism, organizing and activism to rekindle reverence for land, increase respect for cultural diversity, stimulate dialogue about connections between nature and culture, and protect sacred lands and diverse spiritual practices."		
 Safe Motherhood	"The Partnership for Maternal, Newborn & Child Health is a new global health partnership launched in September 2005 to accelerate efforts towards achieving Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) 4 and 5. This new partnership is the result of a merger of three existing partnerships: the Partnership for Safe Motherhood and Newborn Health, the Child Survival Partnership and the Healthy Newborn Partnership. The Partnership aim is to intensify and harmonize national, regional and global action to improve maternal, newborn and child health."		
 Salvation Army	"William Booth, a minister, and his followers formed the Christian Mission which became the Salvation Army in 1878 and developed in a quasi-military pattern with Booth as the general and his fellow ministers as its officers. The basic social services developed by William Booth have remained an outward visible expression of the Army's strong religious principles."		
 Save the Children USA	"Save the Children is the leading independent organization creating real and lasting change for children in need in the United States and around the world. It is a member of the International Save the Children Alliance, comprising 28 national Save the Children organizations working in more than 110 countries to ensure the well-being of children. Working with families to define and solve the problems their children and communities face and utilizing a broad array of strategies to ensure self-sufficiency is the cornerstone of all Save the Children's programs."		
 Share Our Strength	"Since 1984, Share Our Strength has led the fight against hunger and poverty by inspiring and organizing individuals and businesses to share their strengths. They have raised over $200 million to fight hunger around the globe. They have invested critical funds in over 1,000 hunger-related organizations to help the most effective organizations sustain their efforts and maximize their capacity to deliver results."		
 Sikkuy	"Sikkuy is a non-partisan, non-profit, NGO in Israel that develops and implements projects to advance civic equality between Arab and Jewish citizens of Israel in government budgets, resource allocation, hiring policy, land usage etc. Sikkuy is jointly governed by Arab and Jewish co-chairs, managed by Arab and Jewish co-executive directors and staffed by Arabs and Jews. Sikkuy's programs are aimed at mobilizing a transformation of the relations between the state and the Arab minority in Israel."		
 Sisterhood is Global Institute	"The Sisterhood Is Global Institute, an international NGO with Consultative Status to the United Nations, was founded in 1984. Among its other activities, the Institute pioneered the first Urgent Acton Alerts regarding womenís rights, the first global campaign to make visible women's unpaid labor in the census, and and the first human rights manuals (in 12 languages) specifically for women in Muslim societies."		
 Small Planet Institute	"Frances Moore Lappé and Anna Lappé founded the Small Planet Institute in 2001 to help define, articulate, and further an historic transition: a worldwide shift from the dominant, failing notion of democracy as a set of fixed institutions toward democracy understood as a way of life, a culture in which the values of inclusion, fairness and mutual accountability infuse all dimensions of public life. The Institute furthers this historic transition through collaborative public education efforts with colleagues worldwide and through our own books, articles, speeches, and other media."		
 Snowland Service Group	"Snowland Service Group is Yushu prefecture's first and only not-for-profit organization, working to apply national and international funds directly toward sustainable micro-development and alleviation projects in all parts of the prefecture. Since 2001, SSG has been instrumental in successfully providing schools, vocational training, water sanitation facilities, health clinics, medical services, solar cookers, a cheese factory and many other goods and services that contribute toward enhancing the quality of life in villages and remote communities throughout the Yushu prefecture."		
 Social Justice Committee (SJC)	"In collaboration with like-minded organizations, the SJC works for global economic justice, especially canceling ""Third World"" debt – unjust foreign debt carried by so many impoverished countries and human rights abuse, especially in Central America and Mexico, in solidarity with people who are striving to build democratic, just, and environmentally healthy societies. The Social Justice Committee achieves its goals with education and advocacy."		
 Social Watch	"Social Watch is an international network informed by national citizens' groups aiming at following up the fulfilment of internationally agreed commitments on poverty eradication and equality. These national groups report, through the national Social Watch report, on the progress - or regression - towards these commitments and goals. The Social Watch reports on the ten commitments of the World Summit for Social Development and the critical areas of concern of the Beijing Platform for Action."		
 Sociedad Peruana de Derecho Ambiental	SPDA's main objective is to reach sustainable development in Peru with the help of local communities.		
 Societatea Ecologica BIOTICA	"BIOTICA Ecological Society has been registered as a national NGO on April 2, 1993. The organization consists of scientists, experts, teachers, and students in ecology, biology and law. Its three main areas of activty: conservation of biodiversity, development of national environmental legislation and public participation in decision-making."		
 Society for Women and AIDS in Africa	"SWAA is the only pan-African AIDS organization working with and for women and their families based on locally determined needs and priorities. SWAA mobilizes communities by strengthening capacity to prevent, control and mitigate the impact of the AIDS epidemic. Today, SWAA is a network of 40 grassroots country offices."		
 Solar Cookers	"Solar Cookers International (SCI) is a nonprofit organization with headquarters in Sacramento, California, USA and an office in Nairobi, Kenya. Since its founding in 1987 SCI has spread solar cooking skills and technologies where they are needed most."		
 Solar Cookers International (SCI)	"The Solar Cooking Archive is an information database on cooking with solar power. It contains information on solar power, technology, the benefits of solar cooking and recipe recommendations."		
 South African Prisoners Organisation for Human Rights (SAPOHR)	"SAPHOR's mission is to address the legacy of the apartheid criminal justice and prison systems and contribute to a culture of human rights and social justice in a non- racial, non-sexist democratic South Africa. It's objective is to reform and democratize the ""Correctional Services"" and ""Criminal Justice System"" of South Africa."		
 South and Meso American Indian Rights Center (SAIIC)	"The South and Meso American Indian Rights Center (SAIIC) exists to ensure that the struggles of Latin America's Indigenous peoples for self- determination and respect are heard in the US and internationally, and to support Indigenous peoples' organizing."		
 South Asian Human Rights Documentation Centre (SAHRDC)	"The South Asia Human Rights Documentation Centre (SAHRDC) is a network of individuals across the region. It seeks to investigate, document and disseminate information about human rights treaties and conventions, human rights education, refugees, media freedom, prison reforms, political imprisonment, torture, summary executions, disappearances and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment. SAHRDC has Special Consultative Status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations."		
 Sovereignty International	"Sovereignty International is a database that contains information about more than a million NGOs that file annual 990 reports with the US Internal Revenue Service. Visitors may search for any NGO to learn annual income, total assets, year recognized by the IRS, last year reported, deductibility status, and federal tax identification number, which is linked to the target organization's official contact information filed with the IRS. This information is taken directly from the Internal Revenue Service databases, and is updated quarterly."		
 Speak Truth to Power	"Speak Truth To Power is a vital, proactive, and empowering forum designed to involve, impassion, and inspire individuals concerned with human rights issues. Through the use of chat, polls, on-line petitioning and letter writing campaigns, messaging, forums, interactive video and audio and other multi-media communities throughout the world, Speak Truth will leverage the speed and accessibility of the internet to fight for human rights worldwide. It is composed of dedicated individuals from many different fields such as journalism, publishing, internet, human rights, and generous sponsors that have contributed and supported the development of this project"		
 Stakeholder Forum for our Common Future	Stakeholder Forum for a Sustainable Future is an international multi-stakeholder organisation working on sustainable development and supporting the increased involvement of stakeholders in international and national governance processes. The organisation played a key role in the preparations for and follow-up to the World Summit on Sustainable Development.		
 Stars and Rain	"Stars and Rain helps people with autism reach their full potential, improve their quality of life, and enjoy equality. It provides ongoing therapy to children with autism and training to parents of children with autism."		
 Statewatch	"Statewatch is a non-profit-making voluntary group founded in 1991. It is comprised of lawyers, academics, journalists, researchers and community activists. Its European network of contributors is drawn from 15 countries. Statewatch encourages the publication of investigative journalism and critical research in Europe the fields of the state, justice and home affairs, civil liberties, accountability and openness."		
 Stay Alive	The Stay Alive Program was created to address the HIV/AIDS pandemic ravaging Africa and growing in virulence in many parts of the world. Stay Alive targets children ages 9-14 and empowers them to make smart choices before they become sexually active.		
 Step Forward	"Step Forward collaborates with local partners in Tanzania, Burkina Faso, Romania and India to build programs that help determine how best to reach the growing number of orphans in need, and what services will improve their quality of life. Abbott Global AIDS Care programs focus on four key areas: strengthening health care systems, helping children affected by HIV/AIDS, preventing mother-to-child transmission of HIV, and expanding access to testing and treatment."		
 Stiftung Europaisches Naturerbe	"Euronatur was founded in 1987. Its particular structure and orientation allows it to implement conservation and species protection project of international importance. It has developed an international network of more than 300 scientists, nature conservationists and environmental activists."		
 Stop Hunger Now	"Stop Hunger now is a non-profit, international relief organization committed to ending hunger worldwide. Stop Hunger Now leads ongoing efforts to feed the hungry around the world by providing direct emergency food and other life-saving aid in crisis areas."		
 Students Partnership Worldwide	"Students Partnership Worldwide is an international development charity that recruits and trains young adults as volunteer Peer Educators to lead programs that address urgent health and environmental issues in Africa and Asia. SPW currently has more than 800 volunteer Peer Educators in the field reaching 400,000 young people each year at an annual cost of just $9 per child."		
 Sudan Human Rights Association (SHRA)	"SHRA is a voluntary, nongovernmental and nonprofit organization registered and operating in Uganda. Its mission is to ensure that the rights of the Sudanese people, especially refugees, displaced persons, and prisoners of war are recognized and protected. SHRA carries out fact-finding missions and investigates what is actually happening on the ground. It documents, publicizes and disseminates its findings concerning human rights violations in camps and war-torn zones in Sudan. SHRA holds seminars aimed at raising the level of awareness of basic human rights concepts and principles among the Sudanese refugees, displaced persons, and prisoners of war."		
 Sudan Human Rights Organization (SHRO)	"SHRO-Cairo is a Sudanese human rights and democracy entity. The organization is fully committed to the struggle for the preservation of human rights independently from any government or opposition group. SHRO-Cairo disseminates human rights and democracy information that aims to insure the recognition, realization, and enjoyment of human rights norms and principles."		
 Sudan Organization Against Torture	"Sudan Organisation Against Torture (SOAT) is an independent non-governmental human rights organisation established in 1993 working in Sudan and UK and has members worldwide. SOAT primary objective is preventing torture and challenging impunity. SOAT works to rehabilitate Sudanese survivors of torture, provides legal assistance to survivors and individuals threatened with inhumane and degrading punishments, human rights education, and researches, documents and campaigns against human rights abuses in Sudan on a national and international level."		
 SUNS-South-North Development Monitor	"SUNS is a unique source of information and analyses on international development issues with particular focus on North-South and South-South negotiations. The SUNS has been a unique source of information, from the Southern perspective, of the processes of negotiations, formal and informal, of GATT and the Uruguay Round, the Mid-Term Review Process, the Brussels Ministerial Session and since then, the UNCTAD Conferences, and of the entire debates and dialogue on environment/development issues, the Earth Summit and other major UN Conferences, as well as their follow-up."		
 Survival International	"Survival is the only international organisation supporting tribal peoples worldwide. It was founded in 1969 after an article by Norman Lewis in the UK's Sunday Times highlighted the massacres, land thefts and genocide taking place in Brazilian Amazonia. Today, Survival has supporters in 82 countries. It works for tribal peoples' rights in three complementary ways: education, advocacy and campaigns. They work closely with local indigenous organizations, and focus on tribal peoples who have the most to lose, usually those most recently in contact with the outside world."		
 Sweatshop Watch	"Sweatshop Watch is a coalition of labor, community, civil rights, immigrant rights, women's, religious and student organizations, and individuals, committed to eliminating the exploitation that occurs in and the illegal and inhumane conditions that characterize sweatshops. Sweatshop Watch serves low-wage workers nationally and globally, with a focus on eliminating sweatshop exploitation in California's garment industry."		
 Taiga Rescue Network	"Taiga Rescue's mission is to support local struggles and strengthen the cooperation between individuals, NGOs and indigenous peoples and nations concerned with the protection, restoration and sustainable use of the world' boreal forests by means that ensure the integrity of natural processes and dynamics. Through education and advocacy, it promotes sound management of the boreal forests, ensures the rights and access to resourcse of Indigenous Peoples, protects old-growth Northern forests and halts destructive consumption of products from boreal forests."		
 Taiwan Association for Human Rights (TAHR)	"The Taiwan Association for Human Rights (TAHR) is a non-governmental organization committed to securing and protecting human rights from all forms of violation. TAHR believes that human rights, rule of law, and democracy are indivisible and interdependent. TAHR’s campaigns, which aim to encourage grassroots support and advocacy, have focused on investigating individual human rights cases and assisting victims, monitoring the government’s policy-making and development, proposing legal and constitutional amendments so as to meet international human rights standards, and promoting human rights consciousness and education."		
 Tapol	TAPOL - which means political prisoner in Indonesian - is a leading English language authority on the human rights situation in Indonesia and East Timor. TAPOL produces occasional reports and briefing papers and has a number of publications for sale.		
 Tasmanian Gay and Lesbian Rights Group	"The Tasmanian Gay and Lesbian Rights Group is a community-based organisation campaigning for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender human rights in Tasmania. Its ongoing activities include parliamentary lobbying, media liaison, community education and direct action. It has a commitment to visibility and community empowerment."		
 Tata Energy Research Institute	"TERI has created an environment that is enabling, dynamic and inspiring for the development of solutions to global problems in the fields of energy, environment and current patterns of development, which are largely unsustainable. The central element of TERI’s philosophy has been its reliance on entrepreneurial skills to create benefits for society through the development and dissemination of intellectual property. The strength of the Institute lies in identifying and articulating intellectual challenges straddling a number of disciplines of knowledge and in mounting research, training and demonstration projects leading to development of specific problem-based advanced technologies that help carry benefits to society at large."		
 Technical Centre for Agricultural and Rural Cooperation (CTA)	"CTA is an ACP-EU institution working in the field of information for development. When it was set up, in 1984, CTA was given the challenging task of improving the flow of information among stakeholders in agricultural and rural development in African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries. Their overall aim is to better serve the ever-changing information needs of all stakeholders in ACP agricultural and rural development."		
 The Adam Institute for Democracy and Peace	"The Adam Institute is an independent, nonpartisan, nonprofit organization that develops and implements programs that promote education for democracy and peace, civic education and methods of conflict resolution."		
 The Galilee Society	"The Galilee Society ? The Arab National Society for Health Research and Services ? strives to achieve equitable health, environmental and socio-economic conditions for Palestinian Arabs in Israel. Through advocacy, service provision and capacity building, the Galilee Society facilitates the empowerment of Palestinian citizens and strengthens civil society in Israel. The Galilee Society has a history of collaboration with Jewish, Arab and international organizations, both governmental and non-governmental."		
 The Hunger Site	"The Hunger Site was founded to focus the power of the Internet on a specific humanitarian need and the eradication of world hunger. Since its launch in June 1999, the site has established itself as a leader in online activism, helping to feed the world's hungry and food insecure. On average, over 220,000 individuals from around the world visit the site each day to click the yellow ""Help Feed The Hungry"" button."		
 The John D	"The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation is a private, independent grantmaking institution dedicated to helping groups and individuals foster lasting improvement in the human condition. The foundation fosters the development of knowledge, nurtures individual creativity, helps strengthen institutions, helps improve public policy, and provides information to the public, primarily through support for public interest media. With assets of over $6 billion and grants and program-related investments totaling approximately $225 million annually, MacArthur is one of the nation’s largest private philanthropic foundations."	 MacArthur Foundation	
 The Rockefeller Foundation	"The Rockefeller Foundation was established in 1913 by John D. Rockefeller, Sr., to ""promote the well-being"" of humanity by addressing the root causes of serious problems. The Foundation works around the world to expand opportunities for poor or vulnerable people and to help ensure that globalization’s benefits are more widely shared. With assets of more than $3.5 billion, it is one of the few institutions to conduct such work both within the United States and internationally."		
 The Trickle Up Program	"Trickle Up's mission is to help very poor people worldwide take the first steps out of poverty by providing conditional seed capital, business training, and support services essential to the launch or expansion of a microenterprise. This proven social and economic empowerment model is implemented in partnership with local agencies."		
 Think Centre	"Thinkcentre.org is the internet portal of Think Centre, an independent non-governmental organisation (NGO) in Singapore. The Centre aims to critically examine issues related to political development, democracy, rule of law, human rights and civil society. Think Centre's activities include research, publishing, organising events and networking."		
 Third World Network	"The Third World Network is an independent non-profit international network of organizations and individuals involved in issues relating to development, the Third World and North- South issues. Its objectives are to conduct research on economic, social and environmental issues pertaining to the South, to publish books and magazines, to organize and participate in seminars, and and to provide a platform representing broadly Southern interests and perspectives at international fora such as the UN conferences and processes."		
 Tibetan Center for Human Rights and Democracy	"TCHRD's goal is to protect and promote human rights of the Tibetan people.TCHRD is the first Tibetan non-governmental human rights organization to be established in exile in India. TCHRD conducts regular, systematic investigations of human rights situation in Tibet and monitors human rights policies of the People's Republic of China (PRC). On issues of human rights concerns that confront Tibetans inside Tibet, TCHRD every year brings out an annual report, thematic reports, profiles of former political prisoners, monthly newsletters, and press releases and news briefs."		
 Torture Abolition and Survivors Support Coalition International (TASSC)	"The Torture Abolition and Survivors Support Coalition International (TASSC) is the only organization founded by and for torture survivors. The mission of TASSC is to end the practice of torture wherever it occurs and to empower survivors, their families and communities wherever they are."		
 TROPENBOS International	"Tropenbos International (TBI) is non governmental organization (NGO). To meet the needs of policy makers and forest users, Tropenbos International facilitates the formulation and organisation of participatory, objective-oriented and multidisciplinary research and development programmes. The dissemination and uptake of research results by the different stakeholders are an important part of the programmes."		
 U	"The mission of the US Committee for Refugees is to address the needs and rights of persons in forced or voluntary migration worldwide by advancing fair and humane public policy, facilitating and providing direct professional services, and promoting the full participation of migrants in community life."	 Committee for Refugees (USCR)	
 Uganda NGO directory	The Uganda NGO directory is a database of NGOs in Uganda. The NGOs address a variety of issues and originate from a number of sectors and regions of Uganda.		
 UNED Forum	Stakeholder Forum for a Sustainable Future is an international multi-stakeholder organisation working on sustainable development and supporting the increased involvement of stakeholders in international and national governance processes. It is the lead organisation in the development and facilitating of multi-stakeholder processes for sustainable development.		
 Union Nationale de la Femme Tunisienne	"The National Union of Tunisian Women was the first women's non-governmental organization to be created in independent Tunisia. Since its beginnings, the UNFT has worked to improve women's status, in society and under the law."		
 Unit for Sustainable Development and Environment	"The Department of Sustainable Development (DSD) supports OAS member States in the design and implementation of policies, programs and projects oriented to integrate environmental priorities with poverty alleviation, and socio-economic development goals. Translating sustainable development and environmental protection goals into concrete actions, DSD supports the execution of multiple-country projects in such diverse areas as integrated water management, renewable energy, land-titling, natural Hazards-climate change adaptation, biological diversity and environmental law and policy."		
 United Earth	under construction		
 United States Committee for UNIFEM	"UNIFEM/USA is one of 16 national committees that support the mission of UNIFEM (the United Nations Development Fund for Women). Chartered in 1983, UNIFEM/USA is committed to expanding support and raising funds within the United States for UNIFEM. UNIFEM is the women’s fund at the United Nations. It provides financial and technical assistance to innovative programs and strategies to foster women’s empowerment and gender equality."		
 United States Fund for UNICEF	"Founded in 1947, the U.S. Fund for UNICEF supports the work of the United Nations Children's Fund by raising funds for its programs and increasing awareness of the challenges facing the world's children. The oldest of 37 national committees for UNICEF worldwide, we are part of a global effort to save, protect and improve children's lives."		
 UNOG: NGO Database	The searchable Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) Database is compiled by the NGO Liaison Office of the Director-General's Office at UNOG. It contains information about the organizations that have Consultative Status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations (ECOSOC).		
 Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation (UNPO)	"The Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization (UNPO) is a democratic, international membership organization. Its members are indigenous peoples, occupied nations, minorities and independent states or territories who have joined together to protect their human and cultural rights, preserve their environments, and to find non-violent solutions to conflicts which affect them. UNPO provides a legitimate and established international forum for member aspirations and assists its members in effective participation at an international level."		
 Vaestoliitto	"The Family Federation is a social and health sector organization focusing on families. The Federation provides services, acts as an advocate and carries out research. Through its services and research it has acquired a thorough expertise in issues related to the family, the population and sexual health. Infertility treatments and genetic counselling are services provided by the Federation."		
 Vital Voices	"Vital Voices Global Partnership believes in the transformative value of women's participation in society. They invest in emerging women leaders - pioneers of economic development, political participation, and human rights in their countries - and they help them build the capabilities, connections, and credibility they need to unlock their potential as catalysts of global progress. To fulfill their mission, Vital Voices builds leadership capacity, facilitates strategic partnerships, recognizes women leading change, enhances their credibility, and fosters global connections among women."		
 Wainwright House	"Wainwright House is a learning center dedicated to inspiring greater understanding through body, mind, spirit and community. In that sacred space, they seek to inspire by offering initiatives in spiritual exploration, health and healing, and environmental awareness."		
 War Child	"War Child International is a network of independent organisations, working across the world to help children affected by war. War Child was founded upon a fundamental goal: to advance the cause of peace through investing hope in the lives of children caught up in the horrors of war."		
 War Resisters' International (WRI)	"War Resisters International is an NGO that supports the right of all humans not to participate in violence and war. It promotes campaigns to protect prisoners for peace, the right not to bear arms and the right not to kill."		
 Washington Office on Africa	"The Washington Office on Africa (WOA) is a church-sponsored not-for-profit advocacy organization seeking to articulate and promote a just American policy toward Africa. We monitor Congressional legislation and executive policies and actions and issue action alerts to advance progressive legislation and policy. We seek to work in partnership with colleagues in Africa, the Africa advocacy community in the United States, and grassroots organizations concerned with various aspects of African affairs."		
 Watch Indonesia	"Watch Indonesia! is committed to supporting democratic grassroots efforts in Indonesia through continuous lobbying and media work. They keep the German public informed about latest developments in Indonesia, point out human rights violations and at the same time they try to influence political decision-makers at the national and international level."		
 Water Environment Federation	"Formed in 1928, the Water Environment Federation (WEF) is a not-for-profit technical and educational organization with 32,000 individual members and 80 affiliated Member Associations representing an additional 50,000 water quality professionals throughout the world. WEF and its member associations proudly work to achieve their mission of preserving and enhancing the global water environment."		
 Water Pollution Map	The Institute for Public and Environmental Affairs maintains this site to provide up-to-date information on water pollution and water basin drainage across China. The public can submit reports on businesses and incidents through the website.		
 Water Supply and Sanitation Collaborative Council	"The Council exists under a mandate from the United Nations. They are governed by a multi-stakeholder steering committee elected by the Council's members, combining the authority of the UN with the flexibility of an NGO and the legitimacy of a membership organisation. They focus exclusively on those people around the world who currently lack water and sanitation."		
 We the Peoples Initiative	"On Constitution Day 2002, President George W. Bush announced We the People, an NEH initiative to explore significant events and themes in our nation's history, and to share these lessons with all Americans. We The People enhances the teaching and understanding of American history through grants to scholars, teachers, filmmakers, museums, and libraries, supports the reading of classic literature through the We the People Bookshelf, and and provides opportunities for teachers to deepen their knowledge of American history through summer seminars and institutes."		
 WIDE (Network Women in Development Europe)	"WIDE is a European feminist network of women´s organisations, development NGOs, gender specialists and women´s rights activists. WIDE monitors and influences international economic and development policy and practice from a feminist perspective. WIDE enables members and partners to articulate alternatives to the negative impacts of globalisation, and makes feminist alternatives visible. Through the dissemination of our research and analysis, WIDE promotes gender equality and social justice."		
 Wildlife and Environment Society of South Africa	"Founded in 1926, the Wildlife and Environment Society of SA is South Africa's oldest and largest non-government membership-based environmental organisation. WESSA maintains a watchful eye on the South African environment through its extensive network of Regional Offices , Branches, Friends Groups and Environmental Clubs."		
 Wildlife Trust	"Wildlife Trust is an international organization of scientists dedicated to the conservation of biodiversity. For more than 35 years, Wildlife Trust has focused its efforts on conservation. Today, they are known for their innovative research on the intricate relationships between wildlife, ecosystems and human health."		
 William and Flora Hewlett Foundation	"The William and Flora Hewlett Foundation makes grants to address the most serious social and environmental problems facing society, where risk capital, responsibly invested, may make a difference over time. The Foundation concentrates its resources on activities in education, environment, global development, performing arts, and population. In addition, the Foundation has programs that make grants to advance the field of philanthropy, and to support disadvantaged communities in the San Francisco Bay Area."		
 Windstar Wildlife Institute	WindStar Wildlife Institute was established in 1986 because of the need for good wildlife and wildlife habitat information for property owners. The Institute's mission is to assist individuals and families in establishing or enhancing the wildlife habitat on their properties.		
 Wolakota Foundation	"Wolakota Foundation is a grassroots non-profit organization emerging from the needs of traditional Lakota (Dakota/Nakota) people to maintain their cultural and spiritual lifeways for the sake of future generations. Since it's inception, the organization has sought to promote and protect as well as educate others about the traditional values and wisdom of Indigenous People."		
 Womankind Worldwide	WOMANKIND Worldwide believes women in developing countries are a powerful force for change. They work closely with 55 partner community groups in 15 developing countries. All their projects are connected to enabling women to understand their legal rights and to use these rights to benefit their daily lives.		
 Women for Women International	"Women for Women International mobilizes women to change their lives by bringing a holistic approach to addressing the unique needs of women in conflict and post-conflict environments. To help women transform their new skills into financial independence and sustainability, they offer job skills trainings to strengthen women’s existing skills and to introduce new skills in traditional and non-traditional fields so women can access future employment opportunities. Building on the skills training program, they offer comprehensive business services designed to help women start and manage their own micro-enterprises."		
 World Hunger Year	"Founded in 1975, WHY is a leader in the fight against hunger and poverty in the United States and around the world. WHY advances long-term solutions to hunger and poverty by supporting community-based organizations that empower individuals and build self-reliance, i.e., offering job training, education and after school programs, increasing access to housing and healthcare, providing microcredit and entrepreneurial opportunities, teaching people to grow their own food, and and assisting small farmers. WHY connects these organizations to funders, media and legislators."		
 World Learning	"World Learning is a private, nonprofit international organization with both academic and field project capabilities. Through our three program units -- The Experiment in International Living, School for International Training (SIT), and World Learning for International Development -- World Learning is a leader in the fields of international exchange, study abroad, sustainable development, teacher education, language training, peacebuilding, and NGO management. World Learning promotes international and intercultural understanding, social justice, and economic development through education, training, and field projects around the globe."		
 World Wildlife Foundation	"For more than 45 years, WWF has been protecting the future of nature. The largest multinational conservation organization in the world, WWF works in 100 countries and is supported by 1.2 million members in the United States and close to 5 million globally. WWF's unique way of working combines global reach with a foundation in science, involves action at every level from local to global, and ensures the delivery of innovative solutions that meet the needs of both people and nature."		
