International League of Human Rights	"The International League for Human Rights has worked to keep human rights at the forefront of international affairs and to give meaning and effect to the human rights values enshrined in international human rights treaties and conventions. The League's special mission for 65 years has been defending individual human rights advocateswho have risked their lives to promote the ideals of a just and civil society in their homelands. Based in New York, with representation in Geneva and dozens of affiliates and partners around the world, the League is a non-governmental, non-profit organization now in its 65th year. The League has special consultative status at the United Nations, the Council of Europe, and the International Labor Organization, and also contributes to the Africa Commission and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). With the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights as its platform, the League raises human rights issues and cases before the UN and other intergovernmental regional organizations in partnership with our colleagues abroad, helping to amplify their voices and coordinate strategies for effective human rights protection."		
 Academy for Educational Development	"CARE is a leading humanitarian organization fighting global poverty. Non-political and non-sectarian, we operate each year in more than 65 countries. CARE helps tackle underlying causes of poverty so that people can become self-sufficient. CARE is often o"		
 Action Against Hunger	"The mission of Action Against Hunger is to save lives by eliminating hunger through the prevention, detection, and treatment of malnutrition, especially during and after emergency situations of conflict, war and natural disaster. From crisis to sustainability, we tackle the underlying causes of malnutrition and its effects by using our expertise in nutrition, food security, water and sanitation, health and advocacy. By integrating our programs with local and national systems we further ensure that short-term interventions become long-term solutions."		
 Action Canada for Population and Development	"ACPD is a human rights advocacy organization that seeks to enhance the quality of life of women, men and children by promoting progressive policies in the field of international development with a primary focus on reproductive and sexual rights and health and an emerging focus on international migration and development."		
 Adventist Development and Relief Agency (ADRA) International	"ADRA invests in the potential of these individuals through community development initiatives targeting Food Security, Economic Development, Primary Health and Basic Education. ADRA’s emergency management initiatives provide aid to disaster survivors."		
 African Gender Institute	"The AGI's Mission is to contribute to building intellectual capacity and establishing an African resource dedicated to strengthening and advancing the work of intellectuals, researchers, policy-makers and practitioners committed to the attainment of gender equity."		
 African Medical and Research Foundation (AMREF)	"AMREF’s mission is to improve the health of disadvantaged people in Africa as a means for them to escape poverty and improve the quality of their lives. They have six main programs: Malaria, HIV/AIDS, water sanitation, rural hospitals, trainings and family health."		
 AFS International	"AFS is an international, voluntary, non-governmental, non-profit organization that provides intercultural learning opportunities to help people develop the knowledge, skills and understanding needed to create a more just and peaceful world."		
 Aga Khan Foundation	"The Aga Khan Development Network (AKDN) focuses on health, education, culture, rural development, institution-building and the promotion of economic development. It is dedicated to improving living conditions and opportunities for the poor, without regard to their faith, origin or gender."		
 Al-Ahali Center for Community Development	"Ahali is an independent not-for-profit organization established in 1999 to strengthen grassroots activism among Palestinian citizens in Israel through community organizing, as a means to struggle for full citizenship and minority rights, and to ensure the equal distribution of national resources"		
 Alan Guttmacher Institute	"The Guttmacher Institute advances sexual and reproductive health through an interrelated program of social science research, policy analysis and public education designed to generate new ideas, encourage enlightened public debate and promote sound policy and program development."		
 Alternative Information Center	"The Alternative Information Center (AIC) is a joint Palestinian-Israeli organization which prioritizes political advocacy, critical analysis and information sharing on the Palestinian and Israeli societies as well as on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The AIC's activities and publications provide a critical discussion of the political realities that shape the current situation, with special attention given to the radical democratic and feminist struggles, critical perspectives on the colonial nature of Israel and the alarming authoritarian features that emerge in the Palestinian Authority."		
 Amazon Watch	"Amazon Watches works with indigenous and environmental organizations in the Amazon Basin to defend the environment and advance indigenous peoples' rights in the face of large-scale industrial development projects. They monitor and document mega-projects in the Amazon, support rainforest peoples, and build the communications capacity of those peoples."		
 American Civil Liberties Union	"Nation's guardian of civil liberties. Founded in 1920, and has nearly 300.000 members, and has offices in almost every state."		
 American Humanist Association	"The AHA actively educates the public about Humanism, brings Humanists together for mutual support and action, defends the civil liberties and constitutional freedoms of all people—and leads both local and national Humanist organizations toward progressive societal change. Through a strong network of over 100 grassroots organizations, appearances in national media, an advanced Internet presence, regular public appearances, and a broad spectrum of publications, the AHA is the voice of humanism."		
 American Indian Institute	"The American Indian Institute is a non-Indian Circle that provides administrative, fund development and program support to advance the work and vision of the Traditional Circle. A nonprofit, the Institute is structured as a typical American charitable organization. Headquartered in Bozeman, Montana, it is a small organization with a worldwide mission. It is community-based not in a geographic community, but in a community of interest — non-Indians dedicated to the survival of indigenous heritages and to the support of the traditional people through whom that survival will be achieved."		
 American Indian Policy Center	"The American Indian Policy Center (AIPC) was founded in 1992, as a non-profit serving the Midwest Indian community. It was born out of a decade's worth of discussions among the founding group of American Indian professionals. What was needed, in the view of the founders, was a forum for American Indians and the wider community to discuss the challenges of contemporary Indian life--a place for diverse and divergent voices and perspectives."		
 American Jewish World Service	"American Jewish World Service (AJWS) is an international development organization motivated by Judaism’s imperative to pursue justice. AJWS is dedicated to alleviating poverty, hunger and disease among the people of the developing world regardless of race, religion or nationality. Through grants to grassroots organizations, volunteer service, advocacy and education, AJWS fosters civil society, sustainable development and human rights for all people, while promoting the values and responsibilities of global citizenship within the Jewish community."		
 AmeriCares	"AmeriCares is an international relief organization whose passion to help is matched by an ability to deliver.  Whether it's an epic disaster or a daily struggle, AmeriCares goes to extraordinary lengths to ensure that medicines, medical supplies and aid reaches individuals in need wherever they are, whenever they need it."		
 Americorps	"AmeriCorps is a network of local, state, and national service programs that connects more than 70,000 Americans each year in intensive service to meet the US's critical needs in education, public safety, health, and the environment. AmeriCorps members serve with more than 2,000 nonprofits, public agencies, and faith-based and community organizations. Since 1994, more than 400,000 men and women have provided needed assistance to millions of Americans across the nation through their AmeriCorps service."		
 Amnesty International	"Amnesty International (AI) is a worldwide movement of people who campaign for internationally recognized human rights to be respected and protected. AI’s vision is for every person to enjoy all of the human rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other international human rights standards. AI’s mission is to conduct research and take action to prevent and end grave abuses of all human rights – civil, political, social, cultural and economic."		
 Anti-Slavery International	"Anti-Slavery International, founded in 1839, is the world's oldest international human rights organisation and the only charity in the United Kingdom to work exclusively against slavery and related abuses. They work at local, national and international levels to eliminate the system of slavery around the world by: urging governments of countries with slavery to develop and implement measures to end it, lobbying governments and intergovernmental agencies to make slavery a priority issue, supporting research, raising public awareness of slavery, and and, educating the public about the realities of slavery and campaigning for its end."		
 Arab Association for Human Rights (HRA)	"As an independent grassroots NGO, the HRA focuses on working with the local community. Its goal is to increase awareness of human rights among the Arab minority citizens in Israel. The second major strand of their activities involves international advocacy."		
 Arab Organization for Human Rights (AOHR)	"AOHR calls for respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms of all citizens and residents of the Arab world. It carries out field missions in an effort to release political prisoners, in some cases as an observer and in other as a member of the defense panel. It receives complaints from individuals, groups and organizat ions and contacts the concerned authorities. In addition to the offering of legal assistance in several cases, the organization provides financial assistance to families of victims."		
 Arbor Day Foundation	"The Foundation inspires people to plant, nurture, and celebrate trees. Through mass-media communications, by providing low-cost trees for planting, and by producing high-quality, easy-to-use educational materials, they work to make tree planting and care something in which nearly everyone can be involved."		
 Archaeologists for Human Rights	Archeologists for Human Rights is an organization that provides documentation of human rights abuses that have an archeological record such as mass graves.		
 Asia Crime Prevention Foundation	"The Asia Crime Prevention Foundations (ACPF) is an international non-governmental organization, established in 1982, to promote sustainable development, peace and stability in Asia and the world through more effective crime prevention, criminal justice policies and practices, and mutual cooperation among all those concerned. It does this by organizing training courses, conducting field surveys and promoting regional cooperation."		
 Asian Human Rights Commission	"The AHRC seeks to achieve the following objectives: protect and promote human rights by monitoring, investigation, advocacy, and taking solidarity actions and work towards social equality, with particular emphasis on social groups who have suffered discrimination in the past, such as women and children and minorities, including Dalits."		
 Association for Progressive Communications	"The Association for Progressive Communications (APC) is an international network of civil society organisations dedicated to empowering and supporting groups and individuals working for peace, human rights, development and protection of the environment, through the strategic use of information and communication technologies (ICTs), including the internet."		
 Association for Sustainable Human Development	ASHD is primarily an organization promoting dialogue and education on the environment and sustainable development. It organizes workshops for interested parties and publishes bulletins and other documents on this subject.		
 Association for the Prevention of Torture (APT)	"The APT is an international non-governmental organisation (NGO) which envisions a world in which no one is subjected to torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. It works towards this goal through: drafting legislation to prevent torture, producing training materials for monitoring detention facilities, lobbying governments and capacity building to help pertinent parties prevent torture."		
 Association for the Protection of the Environment (APE)	"A.P.E Objective is to improve the lives of the indegenous groups of garbage collectors as individuals and as a community. It seeks to support the garbage collectors in their private activities of waste collection, disposal and recycling as well as devise its own schemes within this grand scheme of things."		
 Association for Women in Development	"International membership organization connecting, informing and mobilizing people and organizations committed to achieving gender equality, sustainable development and women's human rights."		
 Association of World Citizens	"AWC is an international peace organization with branches in 50 countries. The goal is working with people, progressive governments, and international institutions to create a Global Village of lasting peace, social and economic justice, and the foundation for a new civilization based on respect for life and the environment. The key to achieve this goal is for people to think and act as responsible Citizens of theWorld."		
 Bank Information Center	"The Bank Information Center (BIC) partners with civil society in developing and transition countries to influence the World Bank and other international financial institutions (IFIs) to promote social and economic justice and ecological sustainability. BIC is an independent, non-profit, non-governmental organization that advocates for the protection of rights, participation, transparency, and public accountability in the governance and operations of the World Bank, regional development banks, and IMF."		
 Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation	"Bill and Melinda Gates believe every life has equal value. In 2000, they created the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to help reduce inequities in the United States and around the world. They are committed to getting, and sharing, results from our grantmaking."		
 B'nai B'rith International	"B’nai B’rith is an international Jewish organization committed to the security and continuity of the Jewish people and the State of Israel, defending human rights, combating anti-Semitism, bigotry and ignorance, and providing service to the community on the broadest principles of humanity. Its mission is to unite persons of the Jewish faith and to enhance Jewish identity through strengthening Jewish family life and the education and training of youth, broad-based services for the benefit of senior citizens, and advocacy and action on behalf of Jews throughout the world."		
 Bread for the World	Bread for the World is a nationwide Christian movement that seeks justice for the world's hungry people by lobbying our nation's decision makers. Bread for the World Institute seeks justice for hungry people by engaging in research and education on policies related to hunger and development.		
 British Overseas NGOs for Development	"BOND is the United Kingdom's broadest network of voluntary organisations working in international development. BOND works to promote the exchange of experience, ideas and information by acting as a broker for a variety of relationships and by collecting and distributing information."		
 Canadian Council for Refugees (CCR)	"CCR is a key advocate for refugee and immigrant rights in Canada, educating the public and putting issues onto the agenda of the various players in immigration and refugee law and policy in Canada, including parliamentarians, Citizenship and Immigration Canada, Canada Border Services Agency, and the Immigration and Refugee Board."		
 Canadian Research Institute for the Advancement of Women (CRIAW)	"CRIAW is a research institute which provides tools to facilitate organizations taking action to advance social justice and equality for all women. CRIAW recognizes women’s diverse experiences and perspectives, creates spaces for developing women’s knowledge, bridges regional isolation, and and provides communication links between/among researchers and organizations actively working to promote social justice and equality for all women."		
 CARE International	"CARE is a leading humanitarian organization fighting global poverty. Non-political and non-sectarian, we operate each year in more than 65 countries. CARE helps tackle underlying causes of poverty so that people can become self-sufficient. CARE is often one of the first to deliver emergency aid to survivors of natural disasters and war and, once the immediate crisis is over, we help people rebuild their lives."		
 Catholic Institute for International Relations (CIIR)	Progressio is an international development charity working for justice and the eradication of poverty for the Cathlic Institute of International Relations. Their approach combines advocacy work to secure equitable policies with the strengthening of community-based organisations that represent the interests of the poor and improve their quality of life.		
 Center for Economic & Social Rights	"The Center for Economic and Social Rights (CESR) was established in 1993 to promote social justice through human rights. CESR promotes the universal right of every human being to housing, education, health and a healthy environment, food, work, and an adequate standard of living."		
 Center for Environmental Research and Conservation	"CERC is a consortium of five world-renowned scientific institutions: Columbia University, the American Museum of Natural History, the New York Botanical Garden, Wildlife Conservation Society, and Wildlife Trust. CERC is headquartered at Columbia University and is part of Columbia's Earth Institute. CERC believes the only way to build environmental leadership and solve complex environmental problems is to synthesize research with education and training."		
 Center for Gender and Health Equity	"The Center for Health and Gender Equity (CHANGE) is a U.S.-based non-governmental organization focused on the effects of U.S. international policies on the health and rights of women, girls, and other vulnerable populations in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. Their mandate is based on the premise that it is the responsibility of U.S. organizations, connected to U.S. constituencies, to foster accountability of our government's policies abroad. Their overarching goal therefore is to ensure that U.S. international policies and programs promote sexual and reproductive rights and health through effective, evidence-based approaches to prevention and treatment of critical reproductive and sexual health concerns, and through increased funding for critical programs."		
 Center for International Environmental Law	"The Center for International Environmental Law (CIEL) is a nonprofit organization working to use international law and institutions to protect the environment, promote human health, and ensure a just and sustainable society. We provide a wide range of services including legal counsel, policy research, analysis, advocacy, education, training, and capacity building."		
 Center for International Policy	"The Center for International Policy was founded in 1975, in the wake of the Vietnam War, by former diplomats and peace activists. They continue to play an important role in Central America's post-conflict reconciliation, the effort to end the counter-productive isolation of Cuba, and efforts to limit military assistance to the Western Hemisphere, especially Colombia."		
 Center on Hunger and Poverty	"The Center is an outgrowth of the Harvard-based Physician Task Force on Hunger in America which, during the 1980s, made field visits across the U.S. and released studies on the extent and causes of hunger, leading to Congressional resolve to address the growing problem at that time. The leader of the Harvard initiative, Dr. J. Larry Brown, created the Center as a vehicle to address not only hunger, but its cause - growing poverty and income inequality in America. The Center continues to assist state and local organizations in using food security surveys, act as a national clearinghouse for hunger and food insecurity studies, and work with policy makers and the media to promote a greater understanding of hunger and food insecurity in America."		
 Centre for Democracy and Development	"CDD engages the community in West Africa through capacity-building projects, research and public policy work on security sector transformation initiatives and training for leaders of community based organisations and civil society institutions, local legislators, security agencies, women and youth. This training encompasses managerial and organisational skills, human rights awareness and public policy formulation."		
 Centre for Development and Enterprise	"The Centre for Development and Enterprise (CDE) is an independent policy research and advocacy organisation. It is one of South Africa's leading development think tanks, focusing on critical national development issues and their relationship to economic growth and democratic consolidation."		
 Centre for Development and Population Activities	CEDPA equips and mobilizes women to achieve equality. CEDPA is an international leader in designing and implementing programs to improve the lives of women and girls.		
 Centre for Human Rights	"The Centre for Human Rights of the Faculty of Law of the University of Pretoria focuses primarily on human rights law in Africa. Since the Centre was established in 1986, members of the Centre have aided in the writing of the South African Constitution and Bill of Rights and contributed to legal education in respect of human rights on the continent through its academic programmes and research outputs. Members of the Centre have served as consultants on human rights issues to a range of institutions."		
 Centre for Science and Environment	"Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) is an independent, public interest organisation which aims to increase public awareness on science, technology, environment and development. The Centre was started in 1980."		
 Centre for the Study of Violence and Reconciliation	CSVR's mission is to develop and implement innovative and integrated human security interventions based upon a commitment to social justice and fundamental rights for people who are vulnerable or excluded.		
 Centro de Derecho Ambiental y de los Recursos Naturales	Founded in 1989. Its members are mostly lawyers who work on environmnetal problems and sustainable development. COHRE is the leading international human rights organisation campaigning for the protection of housing rights and the prevention of forced evictions.		
 Children First International	"Children First regards the physical and emotional well-being of all children, their welfare and their free development as the most paramount priority under all circumstances and views the position of the child as a fundamental measure of the worth of any society and culture. · They see children's rights as universal."		
 Children International	"Children International is a nonprofit humanitarian organization dedicated to bettering the lives of impoverished children, their families and communities. We achieve our goals primarily through child sponsorship, which unites children in need with individual sponsors who wish to address the children's immediate and basic needs."		
 Childwatch International Research Network	"The Childwatch International Research Network is a global, non-profit, nongovernmental network of institutions that collaborate in child research for the purpose of promoting child rights and improving children’s well-being around the world. It was founded in 1993 as a response from the research community to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, an instrument for changing the focus of research and for ensuring that the perspectives of children are heard."		
 China Human Rights Organization (CHRO)	"Chin Human Rights organization (CHRO) is a non-governmental non-profit organization. It was formed in 1995 by a group of Chin activists who began monitoring the human rights situation along the borders with India and Bangladesh. At present CHRO fact-finders are actively documenting human rights in most parts of Chinland, as well as other Chin inhabited areas of Burma and among the Chin people in other countries."		
 China Youth Development Foundation	"The CYDF is a non-governmental, non-profit formed in 1989 to fight for the rights of children in Asia. They serve as an information portal and organize trainings of teachers. and The CYDF coordinates development projects involving the youth of China. It main focus areas are child health and education."		
 Christoffel-Blindenmission	"CBM supports the provision of more than 1000 programmes in 113 countries in Africa, Asia/Pacific, Europe, and Latin America. Its fields of work include medical services, education, and rehabilitation for people with disabilities. Wherever possible, it is the aim to provide these services within the communities. Therefore, Community-Based Rehabilitation programmes are promoted."		
 Church World Service	"Founded in 1946, Church World Service is the relief, development, and refugee assistance ministry of 35 Protestant, Orthodox, and Anglican denominations in the United States. Working in partnership with indigenous organizations in more than 80 countries, CWS works worldwide to meet human needs and foster self-reliance for all whose way is hard. Within the United States, Church World Service assists communities in responding to disasters, resettles refugees, promotes fair national and international policies, provides educational resources, and offers opportunities to join a people-to-people network of local and global caring."		
 Citizens Development Corps	"Citizens Development Corps is a non-profit organization that supports private sector development and economic growth in emerging and transitioning economies throughout the world by delivering practical strategies and solutions, high impact programs, and the expertise of experienced business professionals."		
 Citizens for Global Solutions	"They are a membership organization working to build political will in the United States to achieve our vision. They do this by educating Americans about global interdependence, communicating global concerns to public officials, and developing proposals to create, reform, and strengthen international institutions such as the United Nations."		
 Citizens Network for Sustainable Development	"The Citizens Network for Sustainable Development (CitNet) is an independent, non-profit network bringing together US based organizations, communities, and individuals working on sustainability issues across the US. CitNet supports citizen-led activities in development, monitors and implementation sustainability initiatives, promotes civil society participation in important policy fora, and connects individuals and organizations."		
 Coalition Against Slavery in Mauritania and Sudan (CASMAS)	"The Coalition Against Slavery in Mauritania and Sudan (CASMAS) is a human rights, abolitionist movement started by activists from Mauritania, Sudan and the United States on March 5, 1995. The mission of CASMAS is to bring together abolitionists/human rights groups from Mauritania, South Sudan and North America to collectively fight for the eradication of institutionalized and chattel slavery and other forms of human rights violations in Africa, especially in Mauritania and Sudan."		
 Coalition to Stop the use of Child Soldiers (CSC)	"The Coalition to Stop the Use of Child Soldiers works to prevent the recruitment and use of children as soldiers, to secure their demobilisation and to ensure their rehabilitation and reintegration into society."		
 Comic Relief	"Comic Relief was set up by comedians and uses comedy and laughter to get serious messages across, while making sure that everyone who gets involved can have fun at the same time. Over the years, more than 2 thousand celebrities have given their time and talent to Comic Relief. Their mission is to drive positive change through the power of entertainment."		
 Committee on the Administration of Justice (CAJ)	The Committee on the Administration of Justice (CAJ) was established in 1981 and is an independent non-governmental organisation affiliated to the International Federation of Human Rights. The Committee seeks to secure the highest standards in the administration of justice in Northern Ireland by ensuring that the government complies with its responsibilities in international human rights law.		
 Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ)	"The Committee to Protect Journalists is an independent, nonprofit organization founded in 1981. We promote press freedom worldwide by defending the rights of journalists to report the news without fear of reprisal."		
 Congressional Hunger Center	"The Congressional Hunger Center (CHC) is a unique non-profit anti-hunger leadership training organization located in Washington, DC. Our primary program activities center upon the Bill Emerson National Hunger Fellows Program and its international counterpart, the Mickey Leland International Fellows Program. In both of these programs, a select group of fellows receive the skills, knowledge and experience to become effective anti-hunger leaders in the domestic and international arenas. As a bi-partisan organization, we serve as a center where the anti-hunger community can discuss creative solutions to end domestic and international hunger."		
 Conservation International	"Conservation International's (CI) programs combine scientific knowledge with expertise in specialized fields to achieve conservation solutions. Our programs work to demonstrate the value of partnerships, they lend advice on best practices, and they guide implementation of conservation solutions in the field. Some of CI's programs also provide financial support to conservation efforts run by local conservationists."		
 Consortium for Street Children (CSC)	The Consortium for Street Children (CSC) consists of 48 UK based organizations dedicated to the welfare and rights of street living and working children and children at risk of taking to street life.		
 Constitutional Rights Project (CRP)	"Constitutional Rights Project (CRP), is registered under Nigerian law as a charitable non- governmental organisation. CRP was established in November 1990 to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law in Nigeria."		
 Cooperative Housing Foundation	"CHF International's mission is to be a catalyst for long-lasting positive change in low- and moderate-income communities around the world, helping them to improve their social, economic and environmental conditions. Established in 1952 as the Cooperative Housing Foundation to provide housing for low-income households in the U.S., CHF International has been working with communities abroad since the 1960s to help them to identify their greatest needs and obtain those goals, whether it be preventing HIV/AIDS or providing credit for families to improve their homes."		
 Corporate Watch	"Counters corporate-led globalization through education, network-building and activism. Also works to foster democratic control over corporations by building a grassroots movement for human rights and dignity, labor rights and environment."		
 Council on Health Research for Development	"COHRED  is an international organisation established in 1993, based in Switzerland with a strong global network. COHRED works for a world in which health research is recognised as essential to optimising health and reducing inequity and poverty."		
 Counterpart International	"Founded in 1965, Counterpart International is a nonprofit organization dedicated to building a just world through service and partnership. Working with local communities to build their capacity to act on their local problems in the way they want, Counterpart programs include humanitarian and relief assistance, education, healthcare, democracy and governance, food security, enterprise and business development, sustainable tourism and natural resource management."		
 CropLife International	"CropLife International is a global federation representing the plant science industry and a network of regional and national associations in 91 countries. They address international developments in the area of crop protection (pesticides), agbiotechnology (GMOs) and sustainable agriculture. CropLife International aims to provide transparent information to its stakeholders and actively encourages open dialogue with interested parties."		
 Data from Developing Countries	"A collaborative effort of the RAND Labor and Population Program and the UCLA Economics Department, this site provides a good collection of surveys conducted in developing countries."		
 Defence for Children International	"Defence for Children International (DCI) is an independent non-governmental organisation that has been promoting and protecting children’s rights on a global, regional, national and local level for over 25 years."		
 Democracy Watch	Democracywatch is an NGO working in promotion of democracy and good governance in Bangladesh since 1995. It conducts training and runs projects with a vision to build awareness on democracy and good governance. It also carries out research and opinion poll on different social and political dimensions.		
 Demographic and Health Surveys	"Since 1984, the MEASURE DHS (Demographic and Health Surveys) project has provided technical assistance to more than 200 surveys in 75 countries, advancing global understanding of health and population trends in developing countries. The strategic objective of MEASURE DHS is to improve and institutionalize the collection and use of data by host countries for program monitoring and evaluation and for policy development decisions."		
 Derechos Human Rights	"Derechos Human Rights, together with their sister organization Equipo Nizkor, work for the respect and promotion of human rights throughout the world. Their work includes the socialization of human rights related information and analysis through the internet and other media, the promotion of prosecutions of human rights violators and the support of local human rights NGOs and activists."		
 Development Group for Alternative Policies (GAP)	"The Development Group for Alternative Policies was founded in 1976 to assist in the promotion of economic justice across the South, or Third World, by helping to maximize control by poor communities and sectors over their own development in the face of impositions from the North. The Development GAP’s focus both on the active participation of organized civil society in economic programming and on the accountability of U.S. and global institutions is predicated on the recognition of the existence of powerful interests, many of them Northern, that undermine local development processes."		
 Direct Relief International	"Direct Relief International provides medical assistance to improve the quality of life for people victimized by poverty, disaster, and civil unrest at home and throughout the world. They work to strengthen the in-country health efforts of our partners by providing essential material resources – medicines, supplies and equipment."		
 Doctors of the World	"Doctors of the World-USA mobilizes the health sector to promote and protect these and other basic human rights and civil liberties for all people, in the United States and abroad. In collaboration with a network of affiliates around the world and in partnership with local communities, they work where health is diminished or endangered by violations of human rights and civil liberties. They provide essential care and services while training community residents to carry on the mission of health at the conclusion of our efforts."		
 Doctors Without Borders	"Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is an independent international medical humanitarian organization that delivers emergency aid to people affected by armed conflict, epidemics, natural or man-made disasters, or exclusion from health care in more than 70 countries."		
 Doctors without Borders (MSF-USA)	"Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is an independent international medical humanitarian organization that delivers emergency aid to people affected by armed conflict, epidemics, natural or man-made disasters, or exclusion from health care in more than 70 countries."		
 Earth Rights International	"Group of activists, organizers and lawyers with expertise in human rights, the environment, and corporate and government accountability. The organization exposes and publicizes earth rights abuses through campaigns, reports, and articles."		
 Earth Society Foundation	"The Earth Society Foundation was formed for the following purpose: to provide a coordinating body which will create, assist, and serve to progress programs, policies and services aiding institutions, associations and individuals in their efforts to nurture the ideals of Peace, Justic"		
 Earth Times Foundation	"Earth Times is a leading website that publishes news reports and the latest information relating to the human environment and such interrelated concerns of the international community, such as economic growth, humanitarian issues, the environment, global business, automobiles and cars, education and learning, the latest in electronics, entertainment, personal and business finance plus economics worldwide at national and international levels to new games for all popular gaming platforms."		
 Earth Trust	Videos available. Lloyd Bridges was a longtime ET spokeperson. The president was an original founder and leader of Greenpeace.		
 Earth Watch Institute	"Earthwatch Institute is an international non-profit organization that brings science to life for people concerned about the Earth's future. Founded in 1971, Earthwatch supports scientific field research by offering volunteers the opportunity to join research teams around the world. This unique model is creating a systematic change in how the public views science and its role in environmental sustainability."		
 Earthscan	"Earthscan is one of the leading publishers in Sustainable Development. Their authoritative books and journals provide a valuable reference for our readers, subscribers and customers."		
 Education International	"Education International protects the rights of every teacher and education worker, and every student they educate. They assist the development of democratic organisations for Teachers and other Education Workers and build Solidarity & Mutual Co-operation."		
 Empowerment and Rights Institute	"Empowerment and Rights Institute (EARI) is a Chinese non-governmental organization based in Beijing which focuses on protecting the human rights of disadvantaged groups including farmers, laborers (esp. female and child labor), migrant workers, complainants and petitioners, and victims of forced-relocation. EARI follows three fundamental principles : to advocate for basic human rights in the protection of ordinary citizens, to promote rule of law through upholding constitutionalism, and to help vulnerable groups join into unions or associations so as to empower them politically. EARI has undertaken a variety of training, advocacy and campaigning activities."		
 Environmental Defense	"Brings together experts in science, law, and economics to tackle comples environmental issues that affect the Earth's oceans, air, natural resources, and species. It maintains a 750.000 member action network, which joins environmental and social groups around the globe."		
 Equality Now	"Equality Now was founded in 1992 to work for the protection and promotion of the human rights of women around the world. Working with national human rights organizations and individual activists, Equality Now documents violence and discrimination against women and mobilizes international action to support their efforts to stop these human rights abuses."		
 European Center for Nature Conservation	Established in 1993. Its purpose is to further European nature conservation by bridging gap between science and policy. The ECNC network compromises 42 partners in 22 countries.		
 European Centre for Ecotoxicology and Toxicology of Chemicals	"The Association's main objective is to identify, evaluate and through such knowledge help industry minimize any potentially adverse effects on health and the environment that may arise from the manufacture and use of chemicals. To achieve this mission, ECETOC facilitates the networking of suitably qualified scientists from its member companies and co-operates in a scientific context with intergovernmental agencies, health authorities and professional institutions."		
 European Public Law Center (EPLC)	"The European Public Law Center's aims include study and research, as well as training in the field of public law of European countries, covering national, comparative and European law, establishing a European Public Law Library, and supporting the initiatives of the European Group of Public Law."		
 Face to Face	"Face to Face is an independent, non-governmental, non-religious and non-political not-for-profit organization created to help build awareness of and support for the basic human rights of women and girls everywhere. These rights include, but are not limited to: freedom from discrimination and violence, the right to be treated equally to men, and and the right to education, health care, employment and equity."		
 Family Care International	Dedicated to improving women's sexual and reproductive health and rights in developing countries with a special emphasis on making pregnancy and childbirth safer.		
 Family Health International	"Formed in 1971, FHI is a leader among nonprofit international public health organizations, managing research and field activities in more than 70 countries to meet the public health needs of some of the world's most vulnerable people."		
 Feminists for Free Expression (FFE)	"Feminists for Free Expression (FFE) is a group of diverse feminists working to preserve the individual's right to see, hear and produce materials of her choice without the intervention of the state. FFE provides a leading voice opposing state and national legislation that threatens free speech."		
 First Nations Development Institute	"Through a three-pronged strategy of education, advocacy, and capitalization, First Nations Development Institute is working to restore Native control and culturally-compatible stewardship of the assets they own - be they land, human potential, cultural heritage, or natural resources - and to establish new assets for ensuring the long-term vitality of Native communities."		
 First Peoples Worldwide	"First Peoples Worldwide, a project of the Tides Center, is the only international organization led by Indigenous Peoples and dedicated to the mission of promoting Indigenous economic determination and strengthening Indigenous communities through asset control and the dissemination of knowledge. First Peoples works stopping and reversing injustices by equipping Indigenous Peoples with resources to challenge government, corporation and conservation policies."		
 Focus on the Global South	"Focus on the Global South (Focus) is a non-governmental organisation with twenty staff working in Thailand, the Philippines and India. Focus combines policy research, advocacy, activism and grassroots capacity building in order to generate critical analysis and encourage debates on national and international policies related to corporate-led globalisation, neo-liberalism and militarisation."		
 Food for the Hungry	"Food for the Hungry works in more than 26 developing countries. They provide disaster and emergency relief, and implement sustainable development programs to transform communities physically and spiritually."		
 Food Research and Action Center	"The Food Research and Action Center (FRAC) is the leading national nonprofit organization working to improve public policies and public-private partnerships to eradicate hunger and undernutrition in the United States. FRAC works with hundreds of national, state and local nonprofit organizations, public agencies, and corporations to address hunger and its root cause, poverty."		
 FoodFirst Information & Action Network	FIAN is a human rights organization for the right to feed oneself with members in all parts of the world. FIAN International defends the right of ordinary people to feed themselves in dignity.		
 Ford Foundation	"The Ford Foundation is an independent nonprofit grant-making organization. We make grants in all 50 U.S. states and in many countries around the world. The Ford Foundation is a resource for innovative people and institutions worldwide. Our goals are to: strengthen democratic values, reduce poverty and justice, promote international cooperation and advance human achievement."		
 Gifts in Kind International	"Gifts In Kind International's mission is to link donor resources to enhance, empower, and restore communities and people in need. Gifts In Kind receives donations from thousands of large and small companies, including half of the Fortune 100 technology, retail, and consumer corporations. They distribute these donations to more than 150,000 community charities across the United States and throughout the world."		
 Global Alliance for Women's Health	"The Global Alliance for Women's Health (GAWH) is commited to advancing women's health in all stages of life at all policy levels through health promotion, education, advocacy and program implementation. The GAWH works with coalitions of international, national and non-governmental organizations (NGOs), women's groups, health care professionals, religious organizations, academics and individual citizens from all regions of the world to promote and implement women's health care service improvements and research at the local, national and international levels."		
 Global Fund for Women	"The Global Fund for Women is an international network of women and men committed to a world of equality and social justice, advocates for and defends women's human rights by making grants to support women's groups around the world."		
 Global Health Council	The Global Health Council is the world's largest membership alliance dedicated to saving lives by improving health throughout the world. The Council works to ensure that all who strive for improvement and equity in global health have the information and resources they need to succeed.		
 Global Lawyers and Physicians	Global Lawyers and Physicians is a non-profit non-governmental organization that focuses on health and human rights issues. GLP was formed to reinvigorate the collaboration of the legal and medical/public health professions to protect the human rights and dignity of all persons.		
 Global Resource Services	"GRS was initially developed as a response to the complex natural disasters in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK). From this context, GRS continued to develop and respond to the historical opportunities in Asia. Since 1997 GRS has consulted, mediated, represented, and facilitated the efforts of literally hundreds of government, education, research, business, and humanitarian organizations' projects in Asia."		
 Global Vision	"Global Vision Corporation is an independent non-profit, NGO accredited to the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development (CSD), a network of fifty-three Governments and over 700 NGOs collaborating to implement Agenda 21, the international action plan for the sustainable development of our planet."		
 Goal USA	"From its first year of operation in 1977, when it spent a mere €12,000 on a street children’s project in Calcutta, GOAL has grown and grown – spending over €400 million implementing relief and development programs in 50 countries in the past 30 years. Once emergency situations have been resolved, GOAL implements a wide range of rehabilitation programs including primary healthcare, repair of home and infrastructure, clinics, schools etc., and water and sanitation. Long-term development programs in areas such as health, nutrition, education and capacity building of indigenous humanitarian organizations are also implemented."		
 Grassroots International	"Grassroots International promotes global justice through partnerships with social change organizations. We work to advance political, economic and social rights and support development alternatives through grantmaking, education and advocacy."		
 Green Cross International	"The mission of Green Cross International is to help ensure a just, sustainable and secure future for all by fostering a value shift and cultivating a new sense of global interdependence and shared responsibility in humanity’s relationship with nature. Green Cross International provides unbiased environmental analysis and expertise, information dissemination, education, objective evaluations for public debate, scientific studies, and social and medical support. and The mission of Green Cross International is to help ensure a just, sustainable and secure future for all by fostering a value shift and cultivating a new sense of global interdependence and shared responsibility in humanity’s relationship with nature. Green Cross International promotes legal, ethical and behavioral norms that ensure basic changes in the values, actions and attitudes of government, the private sector and civil society, prevents and resolves conflicts arising from environmental degradation and provides assistance to people affected by the environmental consequences of wars and conflicts."		
 Greenpeace	"Greenpeace is an independent global campaigning organisation that acts to change attitudes and behaviour, to protect and conserve the environment and to promote peace."		
 Habitat International Coalition	"Habitat International Coalition (HIC) is an independent, international, non-profit alliance of some 400 organizations and individuals working in the area of human settlements. A shared set of objectives bind and shape HIC's commitment to communities working to secure housing and improve their habitat conditions."		
 Haitian Movement for Rural Development (MHDR)	"The MDHR was founded specifically with the intention to promote the self-help of rural people as well as marginalized people in general, in order to contribute to the betterment of their living conditions."		
 Heifer International	"Heifer International with animal sponsors works to achieve sustainable development around the world. Heifer has learned over the years that a holistic approach is necessary in order to build sustainable communities. So they’ve developed a set of global initiatives – agroecology, gender equity, animal well-being training, HIV/AIDS and microenterprises."		
 HelpAge International	"Helpage International is the only global network of not-for-profit organisations with a mission to improve the lives of disadvantaged older people. They do this by supporting practical programmes, giving a voice to older people, and influencing policy at local, national and international levels."		
 Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights	"The Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights, with its headquarters in Warsaw, was established in 1989. Currently, the Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights is one of the most experienced and professional non-government organisations active in the domain of human rights in Europe."		
" Human Rights Advocates, Inc"	"HRA is a human rights organization based in Berkeley, California. HRA participates actively in the work of various United Nations human rights bodies, using its status as a fully accredited Non-Governmental Organization. They are most involved at the United Nations Commission on Human Rights and its Sub-Commission, the Commission on the Status of Women, the Commission on Sustainable Development."		
 Human Rights First	"Human Rights First believes that building respect for human rights and the rule of law will help ensure the dignity to which every individual is entitled and will stem tyranny, extremism, intolerance, and violence. They advocate for change at the highest levels of national and international policymaking. They seek justice through the courts. They raise awareness and understanding through the media. They build coalitions among those with divergent views. And they mobilize people to act."		
 Human Rights in China	"HRIC was founded by Chinese scientists and scholars in 1989. HRIC encourages victims of human rights abuses to seek redress under domestic law, and assist them in seeking international intervention when appropriate."		
 Human Rights Internet	"Founded in 1976, HRI is a leader in the exchange of information within the worldwide human rights community. HRI communicates by phone, fax, mail and the Internet with more than 5,000 organizations and individuals around the world working for the advancement of human rights."		
 Human Rights Watch	Human Rights Watch is dedicated to protecting the human rights of people around the world. They investigate and expose human rights violations and hold abusers accountable. They challenge governments and those who hold power to end abusive practices and respect international human rights law.		
 Human Sciences Research Council	"The Human Sciences Research Council (HSRC) of South Africa is a statutory body established in 1968. It supports development nationally, in the Southern African Development Community (SADC) and in Africa. It primarily conducts large-scale, policy-relevant, social-scientific projects for public-sector users, non-governmental organisations and international development agencies, in partnership with researchers globally, but specifically in Africa."		
 Humanitarian Practice Network	"The Humanitarian Practice Network (HPN) was established in 1994 to provide an independent forum for policy-makers, practitioners and others working in or on the humanitarian sector to share and disseminate information, analysis and experience, and to learn from it. The only network of its kind, HPN plays a key role in examining policy developments and distilling practice. It is fast in capturing major new initiatives and good practice from a wide range of players, and documenting and disseminating this information to field staff and policy-makers."		
 Hunger Project	"The Hunger Project is committed to the sustainable end of world hunger. In Africa, Asia, and Latina America, they empower local people to create lasting society-wide progress in health, education, nutrition, and family incomes."		
 Indigenous Environmental Network	"Established in 1990 within the United States, IEN was formed by grassroots Indigenous peoples and individuals to address environmental and economic justice issues (EJ). IEN's activities include building the capacity of Indigenous communities and tribal governments to develop mechanisms to protect our sacred sites, land, water, air, natural resources, health of both our people and all living things, and to build economically sustainable communities. IEN accomplishes this by maintaining an informational clearinghouse, organizing campaigns, direct actions and public awareness, and building the capacity of community and tribes to address EJ issues."		
 Institute for Development Research	"The IDR is both a multi-disciplinary resource centre for development research, consultancy and training and an Internet based hub of an international network. The centre and the hub together provide minimum cost services, back-up and enhanced learning opportunities primarily to Christian agencies working to reduce poverty of all types and to spiritually empower poor people living in low income countries."		
 Institute for Human Rights and Development in Africa (IHRDA)	"The Institute for Human Rights and Development in Africa was founded and established in 1997 in Banjul, The Gambia, by two human rights lawyers. The vision for the Institute was a Pan-African non-governmental organization with the specific objective of advancing the respect for human rights in Africa."		
 Institute for Research on Poverty	"IRP is a center for interdisciplinary research into the causes and consequences of poverty and social inequality in the United States. It is based at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. As one of three Area Poverty Research Centers sponsored by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, it has a particular interest in poverty and family welfare in the Midwest."		
 Institute of Development Studies	"The Institute of Development Studies is a leading global organisation for research, teaching and communications on international development."		
 Institute of Social Order	"The Institute of Social Order envisions a society that upholds human dignity, sharing and democracy as embodied in the principles of faith-justice, inculturation dialogue reflected in the GC 34 documents of Society of Jesus, the Gospel and the Social Teachings of the Catholic Church. The ISO is dedicated to the education and training of local communities, income generating projects, and technology assistance."		
 Institute of Social Studies Trust	"ISST is dedicated to conducting research and action programmes to promote social justice and equity for the under-privileged with a focus on women. ISST attempts to bridge the gaps between research, action and policy debate, with a focus on issues concerning the poor, especially women."		
 Institute of World Affairs	"The Institute of World Affairs was founded in 1924 as a non-profit, non-partisan, tax-exempt organization devoted to international understanding and the peaceful resolution of conflict. In support of its mission, the Institute conducts a range of programs designed to prevent violent conflict and to advance post-conflict peacebuilding."		
 InterAction	"InterAction is the largest alliance of U.S.-based international development and humanitarian nongovernmental organizations. With more than 160 members operating in every developing country, we work to overcome poverty, exclusion and suffering by advancing social justice and basic dignity for all."		
 International Association for Dental Research	"The IADR's mission is to advance research and increase knowledge for the improvement of oral health worldwide, to support and represent the oral health research community, and to facilitate the communication and application of research findings."		
 International Association for Maternal and Neonatal Health	"The International Association for Maternal and Neonatal Health - IAMANEH was founded in June 1977 in Geneva. It is incorporated under Swiss law as a non-governmental, non-profitmaking organization with the purpose of improving maternal and neonatal health throughout the world. It is a federation of national associations from all regions, which share the same purpose."		
 International Center for Research on Women	"Since its founding in 1976, ICRW has worked with partner organizations and governments throughout the world to promote gender equitable development, reduce poverty, and change the lives of millions of women and girls and their communities - undertaking focused, evidence-based, action-oriented research, providing technical assistance to partner organizations, donors and governments, and and advocating for new or improved policies and programs."		
 International Committee of Solidarity for Political Prisoners in Tunisia (ICSPPT)	ICSPPT works to gain petitions and support for the thousands of political prisoners in Tunisia. Its site includes publications on human rights and profiles of some of the political prisoners.		
 International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC)	"The ICRC is an independent, neutral organization ensuring humanitarian protection and assistance for victims of war and armed violence. The ICRC has a permanent mandate under international law to take impartial action for prisoners, the wounded and sick, and civilians affected by conflict. With its HQ in Geneva, Switzerland, the ICRC is based in around 80 countries and has a total of more than 12,000 staff."		
 International Community of Women Living with HIV/Aids	"The ICW is the only international network run for and by HIV positive women. Founded in 1992, in response to the desperate lack of support, information and services available to women living with HIV worldwide and the need for these women to have influence and input on policy development."		
 International Council of Women	"ICW is an international, non-political, non-governmental organization which represents millions of women in its affiliated councils in all continents of the globe with the principal objectives: to help women help themselves, to promote equal rights and responsibilities for both men and women, to promote recognition and respect for human rights, to support all the efforts for peace, to bring together women from all continents in unity within diversity, and to encourage the integration of women in development"		
 International Development Research Centre	"The International Development Research Centre (IDRC) is a public corporation created by the Parliament of Canada in 1970 to help developing countries use science and technology to find practical, long-term solutions to the social, economic, and environmental problems they face. Support is directed toward developing an indigenous research capacity to sustain policies and technologies that developing countries need to build healthier, more equitable, and more prosperous societies."		
 International Federation of Fertility Societies	IFFS stimulates basic and applied research and the dissemination of knowledge in all aspects of reproduction and fertility.		
 International Federation of Health and Human Rights Organisations (IFHHRO)	"Physicians for Human Rights mobilizes health professionals to advance health, dignity, and justice and promotes the right to health for all. Harnessing the specialized skills, rigor, and passion of doctors, nurses, public health specialists, and scientists, PHR investigates human rights abuses and works to stop them."		
 International Federation of Health Records Organizations	"The International Federation of Health Records (IFHRO) supports national associations and health record professionals to implement and improve health records and the systems, which support them. IFHRO was established in 1968 as a forum to bring together national organizations committed to improvement in the use of health records in their countries. The founding organizations recognized the need for an international organization to serve as a forum for the exchange of information relating to health records and information technology."		
 International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission (IGLHRC)	"The mission of the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission (IGLHRC) is to secure the full enjoyment of the human rights of all people and communities subject to discrimination or abuse on the basis of sexual orientation or expression, gender identity or expression, and/or HIV status. A US-based non-profit, non-governmental organization (NGO), IGLHRC effects this mission through advocacy, documentation, coalition building, public education, and technical assistance."		
 International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights	"The International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights (IHF) is an international, nongovernmental organization constituted by national Helsinki Committees and Cooperating Organizations in the participating States of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). The IHF seeks to promote compliance with the human rights provisions of the Helsinki Final Act and its follow-up documents, with international legal obligations undertaken in the Council of Europe (CoE) and the United Nations (UN), and with human rights norms promoted by the European Union (EU)."		
 International Human Rights Association of American Minorities	"The IHRAAM serves as an umbrella organization to facilitate and coordinate the efforts of individuals, minorities and community organizations to gain access to international law and its enforcement mechanisms."		
 International Human Rights Law Group	"GLOBAL RIGHTS is a human rights advocacy group that partners with local activists to challenge injustice and amplify new voices within the global discourse. With offices in countries around the world, we help local activists create just societies through proven strategies for effecting change."		
 International Immigrants Foundation	The mission of the International Immigrants Foundation is to help immigrant families and children achieve their aspirations for a better life in the United States as well as to promote positive intercultural relations and change negative perceptions. IIF also provides servicse like English and citizenship classes to immigrants.		
 International Institute for Environment & Development	"IIED is an international policy research institute and non governmental body working for more sustainable and equitable global development. IIED acts as a catalyst, broker and facilitator and helps vulnerable groups find their voice and ensure their interests are heard in decision-making. Environmental sustainability is a core concern but not at the expense of people’s livelihoods."		
 International Institute for Sustainable Development	"Established in 1990, IISD is a Canadian-based not-for-profit organization with a diverse team of more than 150 people located in more than 30 countries. Through our dynamic portfolio of projects, we partner with more than 200 organizations throughout the world. As a policy research institute dedicated to effective communication of our findings, we engage decision-makers in government, business, NGOs and other sectors in the development and implementation of policies that are simultaneously beneficial to the global economy, the global environment and to social well-being."		
 International League for Human Rights	The International League for Human Rights has worked to keep human rights at the forefront of international affairs and to give meaning and effect to the human rights values enshrined in international human rights treaties and conventions. The League's special mission for 65 years has been defending individual human rights advocates who have risked their lives to promote the ideals of a just and civil society in their homelands.		
 International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War	IPPNW is the only international medical organization dedicated to preventing nuclear war and abolishing nuclear weapons. They recognize that the catastrophic health and environmental consequences of a nuclear war are at the extreme end of a continuum of armed violence that undermines health and security. IPPNW is committed to ending war and advancing understanding of the causes of armed conflict from a public health perspective.		
 International Society for Environmental Epidemiology	"The International Society for Environmental Epidemiology (ISEE) provides a forum for the discussion of problems unique to the study of health and the environment. With membership open to environmental epidemiologists and other scientists worldwide, ISEE provides a variety of forums for discussions, critical reviews, collaborations and education on issues of environmental exposures and their human health effects. These include annual meetings, newsletters, workshops and liaisons with academic, governmental, inter-governmental, non-profit and business institutions."		
 International Society for Human Rights	"ISHR bases its work on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Founded in 1972, ISHR acts according to the philosophy that the realization of human rights and the improvement of social conditions cannot be pursued by the use of force."		
 International Women's Health Coalition	"Founded in 1984, the IWHC is guided by the principle that global well-being and social and economic justice can only be achieved by ensuring women's rights. It provides financial and technical support to individuals and local organizations working on women's rights."		
 International Women's Rights Action Watch (IWRAW)	"The International Women's Rights Action Watch (IWRAW) was organized in 1985 at the World Conference on Women in Nairobi, Kenya, to promote recognition of women’s human rights under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (the CEDAW Convention), a basic international human rights treaty. IWRAW now is the primary international nongovernmental organization that facilitates use of international human rights treaties to promote women’s human rights and rights within families."		
 International Work Group for Indigenous Affairs	"IWGIA's overall mission is to endorse and promote indigenous peoples' right to self-determination, their cultural integrity and their right to development on their own conditions. In order to fulfil this mission, IWGIA works within a wide range of areas: documentation and publication, human rights, lobbying and advocacy, research and projects."		
 Intersos	"INTERSOS is an independent non-profit humanitarian organization committed to assist the victims of natural disasters and armed conflicts. INTERSOS' activities are based on the principles of solidarity, justice, human dignity, equality of rights and opportunities, and respect for diversity and coexistence, paying special attention to the most vulnerable and unprotected."		
 IRC International Water and Sanitation Centre	"Since its foundation in 1968, the IRC International Water and Sanitation Centre (IRC) has facilitated the sharing, promotion and use of knowledge so that governments, professionals and organisations can better support poor men, women and children in developing countries to obtain water and sanitation services they will use and maintain."		
 Jane Goodall Institute	"The Jane Goodall Institute advances the power of individuals to take informed and compassionate action to improve the environment of all living things. Its goals are to improve natural habitat conservation, expand non-invasive research of chimpanzees and other primates, and promote activities that protect the habitats of primates."		
 Kids With Cameras	"Kids with Cameras is a non-profit organization that teaches the art of photography to marginalized children in communities around the world. They use photography to capture the imaginations of children, to empower them, building confidence, self-esteem and hope. They share their vision and voices with the world through exhibitions, books, websites and film. They are committed to furthering their general education beyond photography either by linking with local organizations to provide scholarships or by developing our own schools with a focus on leadership and the arts."		
 Kurdish Human Rights Project	"KHRP is committed to the protection of the human rights of all persons within the Kurdish regions, irrespective of race, religion, sex, political persuasion, or other belief or opinion. Its supporters include both Kurdish and non-Kurdish people."		
 Lawyers Committee for Human Rights	"Human Rights First believes that building respect for human rights and the rule of law will help ensure the dignity to which every individual is entitled and will stem tyranny, extremism, intolerance, and violence. Human Rights First protects people at risk."		
 Lawyers for Human Rights (LHR)	"Lawyers for Human Rights is a non-governmental, non-profit organisation whose vision is to be a leading, effective human rights and constitutional watchdog and advocate, an international force in the development and delivery of human rights, with a primary focus in Africa, and and a primary contributor to clear strategic policy on the delivery of socio-economic rights for the disadvantaged."		
 League of Women Voters	"The League of Women Voters, a nonpartisan political organization, has fought since 1920 to improve our systems of government and impact public policies through citizen education and advocacy. The League is wholeheartedly political and works to influence policy through advocacy. It is the original grassroots citizen network, directed by the consensus of its members nationwide. The 900 state and local Leagues – comprising a vast grassroots lobby corps that can be mobilized when necessary."		
 Lions Club International	"Lions are an international network of 1.3 million men and women in 200 countries and geographic areas who work together to answer the needs that challenge communities around the world. Beginning in 1917, the association of Lions clubs has provided millions of people with the opportunity to give something back to their communities."		
 Lutheran World Service	"The Department for World Service (DWS) is the internationally recognized humanitarian and development agency of the Lutheran World Federation (LWF) working with marginalized and disadvantaged communities in the areas of greatest vulnerability and endemic need. In these efforts, DWS cooperates within global networks that include ecumenical, governmental and non-governmental partners."		
 MacArthur Foundation	"The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation is a private, independent grantmaking institution dedicated to helping groups and individuals foster lasting improvement in the human condition. Through the support it provides, the Foundation fosters the development of knowledge, nurtures individual creativity, strengthens institutions, helps improve public policy, and provides information to the public, primarily through support for public interest media."		
 Make a Wish Foundation	"Since 1980, the Make-A-Wish Foundation® has enriched the lives of children with life-threatening medical conditions through its wish-granting work. The Foundation's mission reflects the life-changing impact that a Make-A-Wish® experience has on children, families, referral sources, donors, sponsors, and entire communities."		
 Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF)	"Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is an international humanitarian aid organisation that provides emergency medical assistance to populations in danger in more than 70 countries. MSF works in rehabilitation of hospitals and dispensaries, vaccination programmes and water and sanitation projects. MSF also works in remote health care centres, slum areas and provides training of local personnel."		
 Mental Disability Rights International (MDRI)	"Established in 1993, MDRI documents conditions, publishes reports on human rights enforcement, and promotes international oversight of the rights of people with mental disabilities. Drawing on the skills and experience of attorneys, mental health professionals, human rights advocates, people with mental disabilities and their family members, MDRI trains and supports advocates seeking legal and service system reform and assists governments to develop laws and policies to promote community integration and human rights enforcement for people with mental disabilities."		
 Mercy Corps	"Mercy Corps works amid disasters, conflicts, chronic poverty and instability to unleash the potential of people who can win against nearly impossible odds. Since 1979, Mercy Corps has provided $1.3 billion in assistance to people in 100 nations. Mercy Corps has learned that communities recovering from war or social upheaval must be the agents of their own transformation for change to endure. It's only when communities set their own agendas, raise their own resources and implement programs themselves, that their first successes result in the renewed hope, confidence and skills to continue development."		
 MINBYUN - Lawyers for a Democratic Society	"In response to the socio-political changes and the growing participation of younger lawyers in the democratization movement, ‘Jeongbeophoe’ was dismantled and a more cohesive group, 'MINBYUN-Lawyers for a Democratic Society' was established on May 28, 1988."		
 Minority Rights Group	"Minority Rights Group International (MRG) works to secure the rights of ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities and indigenous peoples worldwide, and to promote cooperation and understanding between communities."		
 National Campaign on Dalit Human Rights (NCDHR)	NCDHR's works to improve the human rights situation of Dalits in India. It works to disseminate educational material and advocacy material to relevant parties and petition the UN for more attention to the situation of Dalits in the twenty-first century.		
 Native American Rights Fund	"The Native American Rights Fund (NARF) is a non-profit organization that provides legal representation and technical assistance to Indian tribes, organizations and individuals nationwide - a constituency that often lacks access to the justice system. NARF focuses on applying existing laws and treaties to guarantee that national and state governments live up to their legal obligations."		
 Nature Conservancy	"The Nature Conservancy's mission is to preserve the plants, animals and natural communities that represent the diversity of life on Earth by protecting the lands and waters they need to survive. They have developed a strategic, science-based planning process, called Conservation by Design, which helps them identify the highest-priority places—landscapes and seascapes that, if conserved, promise to ensure biodiversity over the long term."		
 Netherlands Interdisciplinary Demographic Institute	"NIDI is the national demographic institute of the Netherlands. Founded in 1970 as a joint initiative of Dutch universities, it gained an independent status in 1987. Working 'at the heart of science', the Academy's mission is to promote scientific research in the Netherlands. NIDI's mission is to provide more insight into demographic developments and related social and policy issues in a national and international context."		
 NGO Network on the Question of Palestine	This site is a large database of websites for Palestinian organizations working in over 20 fields of service.		
 Nuclear Age Peace Foundation	"The Nuclear Age Peace Foundation initiates and supports worldwide efforts to abolish nuclear weapons, to strengthen international law and institutions, and to inspire and empower a new generation of peace leaders. Founded in 1982, the Foundation is comprised of individuals and organizations worldwide who realize the imperative for peace in the Nuclear Age. The Nuclear Age Peace Foundation is a non-profit, non-partisan international education and advocacy organization."		
 oneworld	"OneWorld is a global information network developed to support communication media of the people, by the people and for the people — everywhere. Its goal is to help build a more just, global society, through its partnership community. The OneWorld network is driven by the people and organizations it supports — people write the news, provide the video clips and the radio stories. Through this network, individuals have access to information previously unavailable to them — information that can broaden their world view and enable them to make better decisions."		
 Operation Smile	Operation Smile volunteers repair childhood facial deformities while building public and private partnerships that advocate for sustainable healthcare for children and families. Operation Smile coordinates more than 30 Medical Mission sites in 25 countries annually.		
 Oxfam	"Oxfam International is a confederation of 13 organizations working together with over 3,000 partners in more than 100 countries to find lasting solutions to poverty, suffering and injustice. Oxfam International seeks increased worldwide public understanding that economic and social justice are crucial to sustainable development."		
 Palestinian Centre for Human Rights	"The Centre is an independent Palestinian human rights organization based in Gaza City. The work of the Centre is conducted through documentation and investigation of human rights violations, provision of legal aid and counseling for both individuals and groups, and preparation of research articles relevant to such issues as the human rights situation and the rule of law. The Centre also provides comments on Palestinian Draft Laws and urges the adoption of legislation that incorporates international human rights standards and basic democratic principles."		
 Palestinian Human Rights Monitoring Group (PHRMG)	"The Palestinian Human Rights Monitoring Group (PHRMG) was founded in December 1996 in response to the deteriorating state of democracy and human rights under the newly established Palestinian Authority. The PHRMG documents human rights violations committed against Palestinians in the West Bank, Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem, regardless of who is responsible. The projects include monitoring unit, freedom of expression and democracy center, settlers watch hotline and a legal unit."		
 Partner's In Health	"PIH's mission is both medical and moral. It is based on solidarity, rather than charity alone. When a person in Peru, or Siberia, or rural Haiti falls ill, PIH uses all of the means at their disposal to make them well—from pressuring drug manufacturers, to lobbying policy makers, to providing medical care and social services. Partners In Health’s success has helped prove that allegedly “untreatable” health problems can be addressed effectively, even in poor settings."		
 Pathfinder International	"Pathfinder International believes that reproductive health is a basic human right. Pathfinder International provides women, men, and adolescents throughout the developing world with access to quality family planning and reproductive health information and services. Pathfinder works to halt the spread of HIV/AIDS, to provide care to women suffering from the complications of unsafe abortion, and to advocate for sound reproductive health policies in the U.S. and abroad."		
 Peace Brigades International (PBI)	"Peace Brigades International (PBI) is a non-governmental organization (NGO) which protects human rights and promotes nonviolent transformation of conflicts. When invited, they send teams of volunteers into areas of repression and conflict. The volunteers accompany human rights defenders, their organizations and others threatened by political violence."		
 Peace Corps	"The National Peace Corps Association is the non-profit organization of returned Peace Corps volunteers, former staff and friends committed to fostering peace through service, education and advocacy."		
 People's Union for Civil Liberties	"Veteren leader Jaya Prakash Narayan (JP) founded the People's Union for Civil Liberties and Democratic Rights (PUCLDR), in 1976. The idea was to make the PUCLDR. An organisation free from political ideologies, so that people belonging to various political parties may come together on one platform for the defence of Civil Liberties and Human Rights."		
 Physicians for Human Rights	"Physicians for Human Rights mobilizes health professionals to advance health, dignity, and justice and promotes the right to health for all. Harnessing the specialized skills, rigor, and passion of doctors, nurses, public health specialists, and scientists, PHR investigates human rights abuses and works to stop them."		
 Physicians for Human Rights - United Kingdom (PHR - UK)	"Founded in 1989, Physicians for Human Rights (UK) is an independent organisation of doctors and health professionals, whose aim it is to direct the influence and special skills of the medical profession towards the defence of human rights throughout the world."		
 Physicians for Social Responsibility	"Physicians for Social Responsibility is a non-profit advocacy organization that is the medical and public health voice for policies to stop nuclear war and proliferation and to slow, stop and reverse global warming and toxic degradation of the environment. PSR’s 32,400 medical and health professionals and concerned citizen members, 31 PSR chapters, and over 60 Student PSR chapters at medical and public health schools form a unique nationwide network committed to a safe and healthy world."		
 Population Council	"The Population Council, an international, nonprofit, nongovernmental organization, seeks to improve the well-being and reproductive health of current and future generations around the world and to help achieve a humane, equitable, and sustainable balance between people and resources. Population Council is an international, nonprofit, nongovernmental organization that conducts biomedical, social science, and public health research."		
 Population Services International (PSI)	"PSI is a nonprofit organization based in Washington, D.C. that harnesses the vitality of the private sector to address the health problems of low-income and vulnerable populations in more than 60 developing countries. With programs in malaria, reproductive health, child survival and HIV, PSI promotes products, services and healthy behavior that enable low-income and vulnerable people to lead healthier lives. Products and services are sold at subsidized prices rather than given away in order to motivate commercial sector involvement."		
 Privacy International	"Privacy International (PI) is a human rights group formed in 1990 as a watchdog on surveillance and privacy invasions by governments and corporations. PI is based in London, England, and has an office in Washington, D.C. PI has conducted campaigns and research throughout the world on issues ranging from wiretapping and national security, to ID cards, video surveillance, data matching, medical privacy, and freedom of information and expression."		
 Propoor	"Established in 1998, ProPoor is committed to the dissemination of information and promotion of sustainable development initiatives, in response to the needs of under represented and marginalized sectors of society in the South Asia. ProPoor has developed a comprehensive Internet portal containing information about South Asian non-governmental organizations, funding agencies, events, projects, jobs opportunities in social development, success stories of individuals as well as organizations, and other relevant links."		
 Rabbis for Human Rights - North America	"Rabbis for Human Rights (RHR) is an organization of Israeli rabbis committed to defending the human rights of all people in Israel and in the territories under Israeli control: Israelis and Palestinians, Muslims, Christians, and Jews, young and old, rich and poor, citizens and foreigners. Rabbis for Human Rights - North America was founded in 2002 by a group of American rabbis inspired by the work of RHR in Israel. RHR-North America is a rabbinic organization dedicated to education, advocacy, prayer, and action in support of human rights."		
 Refugee Law Project	"The Refugee Law Project (RLP) was established in November 1999 as an autonomous project within the Faculty of Law of Makerere University in Uganda, with the aim of protecting and promoting refugees' rights. Since then, they have grown rapidly and become an important resource for refugees and asylum seekers in Uganda. They seek to combine this direct service provision with research and advocacy as well as with education and training of other stakeholders."		
 Refugees International	"Refugees International generates lifesaving humanitarian assistance and protection for displaced people around the world and works to end the conditions that create displacement. The characteristics of their effective and efficient organization are independence, flexibility, and the cutting-edge quality of our advocacy. They take an uncompromising rights-based approach to advocacy on behalf of refugees and displaced persons."		
 Relief International	"Relief International, (RI) is a humanitarian non-profit agency that provides emergency relief, rehabilitation, development assistance, and program services to vulnerable communities worldwide. RI is solely dedicated to reducing human suffering and is non-political and non-sectarian in its mission."		
 ReliefWeb	"ReliefWeb is the world’s leading on-line gateway to information (documents and maps) on humanitarian emergencies and disasters. An independent vehicle of information, designed specifically to assist the international humanitarian community in effective delivery of emergency assistance, it provides timely, reliable and relevant information as events unfold, while emphasizing the coverage of ""forgotten emergencies"" at the same time. ReliefWeb was launched in October 1996 and is administered by the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA)."		
 Research!America	"Research America is the nation's largest nonprofit public education and advocacy alliance working to make research to improve health a higher national priority. They lead the movement for strong, increased investment in the National Institutes of Health and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. We are also committed to growth in the research investment of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Science Foundation."		
 Rights and Accountability in Development (RAID)	"Founded in 1997, RAID's mission is to promote a rights-based approach to development. RAID works to advance corporate accountability, fair investment and good governance to ensure the human rights of people living in poverty are respected by the private sector, international financial institutions and governments."		
 Rights International	"Rights International was established in 1994 by human rights lawyers and international policy analysts in response to the increasing power of international human rights tribunals and their parent organizations. Rights International sues foreign governments before international tribunals on behalf of people throughout the world whose human rights have been violated by their governments. We litigate cases addressing a variety of human rights issues, including torture, censorship, police abuse, ""disappearances,"" and racial/gender/religious discrimination."		
 Robert Wood Johnson Foundation	"The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation seeks to improve the health and health care of all Americans. To achieve the most impact with our funds, we prioritize our grants into four goal areas: access to healthcare, promotion of healthy lifestyles, prevention of substance abuse and improvements in care for chronic conditions."		
 Safe Motherhood	"The Partnership for Maternal, Newborn & Child Health is a new global health partnership launched in September 2005 to accelerate efforts towards achieving Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) 4 and 5. This new partnership is the result of a merger of three existing partnerships: the Partnership for Safe Motherhood and Newborn Health, the Child Survival Partnership and the Healthy Newborn Partnership. The Partnership aim is to intensify and harmonize national, regional and global action to improve maternal, newborn and child health."		
 Save the Children USA	"Save the Children is the leading independent organization creating real and lasting change for children in need in the United States and around the world. It is a member of the International Save the Children Alliance, comprising 28 national Save the Children organizations working in more than 110 countries to ensure the well-being of children. Working with families to define and solve the problems their children and communities face and utilizing a broad array of strategies to ensure self-sufficiency is the cornerstone of all Save the Children's programs."		
 Small Planet Institute	"Frances Moore Lappé and Anna Lappé founded the Small Planet Institute in 2001 to help define, articulate, and further an historic transition: a worldwide shift from the dominant, failing notion of democracy as a set of fixed institutions toward democracy understood as a way of life, a culture in which the values of inclusion, fairness and mutual accountability infuse all dimensions of public life. The Institute furthers this historic transition through collaborative public education efforts with colleagues worldwide and through our own books, articles, speeches, and other media."		
 Social Justice Committee (SJC)	"In collaboration with like-minded organizations, the SJC works for global economic justice, especially canceling ""Third World"" debt – unjust foreign debt carried by so many impoverished countries and human rights abuse, especially in Central America and Mexico, in solidarity with people who are striving to build democratic, just, and environmentally healthy societies. The Social Justice Committee achieves its goals with education and advocacy."		
 Social Watch	"Social Watch is an international network informed by national citizens' groups aiming at following up the fulfilment of internationally agreed commitments on poverty eradication and equality. These national groups report, through the national Social Watch report, on the progress - or regression - towards these commitments and goals. The Social Watch reports on the ten commitments of the World Summit for Social Development and the critical areas of concern of the Beijing Platform for Action."		
 Solar Cookers	"Solar Cookers International (SCI) is a nonprofit organization with headquarters in Sacramento, California, USA and an office in Nairobi, Kenya. Since its founding in 1987 SCI has spread solar cooking skills and technologies where they are needed most."		
 Stop Hunger Now	"Stop Hunger now is a non-profit, international relief organization committed to ending hunger worldwide. Stop Hunger Now leads ongoing efforts to feed the hungry around the world by providing direct emergency food and other life-saving aid in crisis areas."		
 UNED Forum	Stakeholder Forum for a Sustainable Future is an international multi-stakeholder organisation working on sustainable development and supporting the increased involvement of stakeholders in international and national governance processes. It is the lead organisation in the development and facilitating of multi-stakeholder processes for sustainable development.		
 Unit for Sustainable Development and Environment	"The Department of Sustainable Development (DSD) supports OAS member States in the design and implementation of policies, programs and projects oriented to integrate environmental priorities with poverty alleviation, and socio-economic development goals. Translating sustainable development and environmental protection goals into concrete actions, DSD supports the execution of multiple-country projects in such diverse areas as integrated water management, renewable energy, land-titling, natural Hazards-climate change adaptation, biological diversity and environmental law and policy."		
 United States Fund for UNICEF	"Founded in 1947, the U.S. Fund for UNICEF supports the work of the United Nations Children's Fund by raising funds for its programs and increasing awareness of the challenges facing the world's children. The oldest of 37 national committees for UNICEF worldwide, we are part of a global effort to save, protect and improve children's lives."		
 War Child	"War Child International is a network of independent organisations, working across the world to help children affected by war. War Child was founded upon a fundamental goal: to advance the cause of peace through investing hope in the lives of children caught up in the horrors of war."		
 Water Environment Federation	"Formed in 1928, the Water Environment Federation (WEF) is a not-for-profit technical and educational organization with 32,000 individual members and 80 affiliated Member Associations representing an additional 50,000 water quality professionals throughout the world. WEF and its member associations proudly work to achieve their mission of preserving and enhancing the global water environment."		
 We the Peoples Initiative	"On Constitution Day 2002, President George W. Bush announced We the People, an NEH initiative to explore significant events and themes in our nation's history, and to share these lessons with all Americans. We The People enhances the teaching and understanding of American history through grants to scholars, teachers, filmmakers, museums, and libraries, supports the reading of classic literature through the We the People Bookshelf, and and provides opportunities for teachers to deepen their knowledge of American history through summer seminars and institutes."		
 Wildlife Trust	"Wildlife Trust is an international organization of scientists dedicated to the conservation of biodiversity. For more than 35 years, Wildlife Trust has focused its efforts on conservation. Today, they are known for their innovative research on the intricate relationships between wildlife, ecosystems and human health."		
 Womankind Worldwide	WOMANKIND Worldwide believes women in developing countries are a powerful force for change. They work closely with 55 partner community groups in 15 developing countries. All their projects are connected to enabling women to understand their legal rights and to use these rights to benefit their daily lives.		
 World Hunger Year	"Founded in 1975, WHY is a leader in the fight against hunger and poverty in the United States and around the world. WHY advances long-term solutions to hunger and poverty by supporting community-based organizations that empower individuals and build self-reliance, i.e., offering job training, education and after school programs, increasing access to housing and healthcare, providing microcredit and entrepreneurial opportunities, teaching people to grow their own food, and and assisting small farmers. WHY connects these organizations to funders, media and legislators."		
Academy for Mobilizing Rural-Urban Action Through Education	"To work for the holistic development of the poor through community action, capacity building of grassroot level organizations, institution building, networking, and policy advocacy and action research"		
Adventist Development and Relief Agency	"The Adventist Development and Relief Agency (ADRA) is the global humanitarian organization of the Seventh-day Adventist Church. Through an international network, ADRA delivers relief and development assistance to individuals in more than 130 countries—regardless of their ethnicity, political affiliation, or religious association. By partnering with communities, organizations, and governments, ADRA is able to improve the quality of life of millions through 9 impact areas. "		
Associated Country Women of the World	"Through projects in rural communities, ACWW aims to improve the standard of living for all women and their families in the following areas: Health and nutrition Housing and fresh water supplies Literacy Small-scale agricultural planning and assistance Leadership training which encourages women to play a part in the development of their communities ACWW also advocates for rural women and their families through its links with the UN."		
Baha'i International Community	"Our efforts seek to reflect this vision and are informed by a number of related convictions That humanity is in the midst of an ongoing process of spiritual, moral, social, and scientific development. That it stands today at the threshold of a new stage of global connection and interdependence.  That the hallmark of this stage will be growing awareness of the oneness of humankind—a principle that will come to infuse all facets of organized life."		
Consultative Council Of Jewish Organizations	"To co-operate with, consult, advise and assist ECOSOC with regard to human rights and economic, social, cultural, educational and other matters relating to Jews."		
Delta Sigma Theta Sorority	"Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated is an organization of college educated women committed to the constructive development of its members and to public service with a primary focus on the Black community."		
Friends World Committee for Consultation	"Answering God’s call to universal love, FWCC brings Friends of varying traditions and cultural experiences together in worship, communications, and consultation, to express our common heritage and our Quaker message to the world."		
International Association for Human Values	"IAHV offers programs to reduce stress and develop leaders so that human values can flourish in people and communities. We foster the daily practice of human values – a sense of connectedness and respect for all people and the natural environment, an attitude of non-violence, and an ethic of social service. Our programs enhance clarity of mind, shift attitudes and behaviors, and develop leaders and communities that are resilient, responsible, and inspired."		
International Centre for Missing & Exploited Children	"We identify gaps in the global community’s ability to protect children from abduction, sexual abuse and exploitation, and assemble the necessary people, resources and tools."		
International Federation for housing and planning	"IFHP aims to elevate selected issues on human settlement and urban development. IFHP's objectives are to improve general knowledge in housing, urban and regional planning, environment and related fields to improve housing and planning practice worldwide to provide members with easy access to internationally available sources of knowledge in these fields and with opportunities to meet colleagues on an international level and to establish contacts by correspondence."		
International Service for Human Rights	"ISHR's mission is to support human rights defenders at the international and regional levels strengthen international and regional human rights systems build, lead and support human rights networks and coalitions"		
International Social Service	"International Social Service-USA mobilizes a domestic and international network of legal and social work professionals to efficiently connect vulnerable children, adults and families who are separated by international borders to the services and support they need. Assist those who, as a result of voluntary or forced migration, or other social problems of an international character, have to overcome personal or family difficulties. Study the conditions and consequences of migration and make recommendations. Help prevent social problems linked to migration or intercountry mobility. Inform professionals and the public of the needs of migrant individuals and families. Develop and maintain an international network of bodies to meet the needs of individuals and families who require the services of International Social Service."		
International Statistical Institute	"The ISI Mission is to lead, support and promote the understanding, development and good practice of statistics worldwide, by providing the core global network for statistics. To lead, support and promote the international statistical community To stimulate and disseminate research, best practice and advancement in statistical science and statistical education To speak up for the profession on topical statistical issues To advocate and foster statistical literacy, the use of statistics and data in decision making by governments, businesses and individuals To grow the statistical community in developing countries and help it to be more inclusive To promote an understanding of statistics as a force for improving people's lives To advance the development of young statisticians and to encourage the continuing participation of older members"		
Salvation Army	"The Salvation Army, an international movement, is an evangelical part of the universal Christian church. Its message is based on the Bible. Its ministry is motivated by the love of God. Its mission is to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ and to meet human needs in His name without discrimination."		
Social and Healthy Action for Rural Empowerment 	"Social and Healthy Action for Rural Empowerment (SHARE) is an Indian NGO that aims to assist communities living in remote hilly areas of the country. SHARE organizes health and medical camps, awareness drives and education campaigns, and works on water related issues and training programmes designed to help villagers improve their standard of living through income generation."		
The Howard League for Penal Reform	"The board of trustees has set the charity’s vision for the coming five years to work for less crime, safer communities and fewer people in prison. The trustees stated the aims for the charity To stay radical To stay ambitious To continue to be influential The board confirmed that the guiding principles and direction of the charity are well established and are based on Creating capacity for new ideas and fostering rigorous research and discourse Providing public, civic and government education and information Campaigning for reform Taking strategic legal casework"		
The International Association of Schools of Social Work 	"The International Association of Schools of Social Work (IASSW) is an international association of institutions of social work education, organisations supporting social work education and social work educators. Its mission is to develop and promote excellence in social work education, research and scholarship globally in order to enhance human well being. To create and maintain a dynamic community of social work educators and their programmes. To support and facilitate participation in mutual exchanges of information and expertise. To represent social work education at the international level. In fulfilling its mission, IASSW adheres to all United Nations Declarations and Conventions on human rights, recognising that respect for the inalienable rights of the individual is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace."		
United World Against Diabetes	"The mission of UWAD is to promote diabetes care, control, prevention, awareness and working to increase access of essential medicines and insulin for diabetic people. We are advocate for children with Type 1 diabetes and women living with diabetes."		
World Federation of Democratic Youth	"We pledge that we shall remember this unity, forged in this month, November 1945 Not only today, not only this week, this year, but always Until we have built the world we have dreamed of and fought for We pledge ourselves to build the unity of youth of the world All races, all colors, all nationalities, all beliefs To eliminate all traces of fascism from the earth To build a deep and sincere international friendship among the peoples of the world To keep a just lasting peace To eliminate want, frustration and enforced idleness We have come to confirm the unity of all youth salute our comrades who have died-and pledge our word that skilful hands, keen brains and young enthusiasm shall never more be wasted in war"		
Young Men's Christian Alliance	"The Paris Basis expresses that Christ is the centre of the Movement, which is conceived as a world-wide fellowship uniting Christians of all confessions. It is consistent with an open membership policy, involving people irrespective of faith as well as age, sex, race and social condition. The Basis is not designed to serve as a condition of individual YMCA membership, which is deliberately left to the discretion of constituent movements of the World Alliance. The Basis makes clear that the constituent movements of the Alliance have full freedom to express their purpose in other terms designed to correspond more directly to the needs and aspirations of those whom they are seeking to serve, provided these are regarded by the World Alliance as being consistent with the Paris Basis. Recognising the character of the YMCAs in the world today, this act of acknowledging the Paris Basis places upon the various associations and their members as fellow workers with God such imperatives as: To work for equal opportunity and justice for all. To work for and maintain an environment in which relationships among people are characterised by love and understanding. To work for and maintain conditions, within the YMCA and in society, its organisations and institutions, which allow for honesty, depth and creativity. To develop and maintain leadership and programme patterns which exemplify the varieties and depth of Christian experience. To work for the development of the whole person."		
